Date_Time	City	State	Shape	Duration	Summary	Posted	Description
2/28/15 23:15	Philadelphia	PA	Fireball	5-10 minutes	Lights floating in distant sky east of Philadelphia, PA	3/6/15	Lights floating in distant sky east of Philadelphia, PAObserver:  Defense Contractor for US Military Event:  My son and I attended the NHL Hockey game in Philadelphia between the Philadelphia Flyers and New York Rangers on 28 February, 2015, at the Wells Fargo Center.  While departing the game after it ended, at approximately 2315 at night, we observed multiple orange lights, perhaps 5-7 lights, in the distant Eastern sky, at an angle above the horizon, between approx. 35 and 15 degrees.  They reminded me of military flare used to illuminate the ground when shot into the sky or dropped by an aircraft.  They were in different heights and fairly close to each other in a vertical line.  There was some stagger to their order as they were not in a straight vertical line.  After watching for 2-5 minutes, they dimmed and then disappeared, while staying in the same spot in the distant sky.  They seemed to be floating and did not appear to be moving in any direction from our vantage point.  They were in line between the Wells Fargo Center and the flight path of airplanes landing from! east to west at the Philadelphia International Airport as the planes were visible crossing the vertical line of the lights
2/28/15 21:35	Libertyville	IL	Light	15-20 seconds	Beam of light, green sky surrounding, then the beam went away...	3/6/15	Beam of light, green sky surrounding, then the beam went away...It was about 9:30 at night, driving home from dinner.  A strong thick beam of light, not instantly but took about 5 seconds to “fall,” came down and a large portion of the sky around it turned green.  This stayed this way for about 20 seconds, and then the beam went up and the sky went black again… I need answers.
2/28/15 20:45	Phoenix	AZ	Chevron	1 minute	Driving home on I-10 freeway. Witnessed chevron craft hovering over government buildings right off of 7th Avenue and I-10. The craft wa	3/6/15	Driving home on I-10 freeway.  Witnessed chevron craft hovering over government buildings right off of 7th Avenue and I-10.  The craft was not moving, no tail and was blinking bright green and red lights only. Hovering very low over buildings.((NUFORC Note:  We have amended the time above, to reflect a nighttime sighting.  Witness provides no contact information, so we are unable to confirm the time.  PD))
2/28/15 20:00	Goldsboro	NC	Unknown	10-15 minutes	Silent, slow-moving object, pulsating orange and white.	3/6/15	Silent, slow-moving object, pulsating orange and white.I saw an unidentified object on the evening of Sunday (sic.  Saturday), February 28, 2015, in the sky over the Rosewood Community west of Goldsboro, NC.  Estimated position was Latitude: 35.3732178,  Longitude: -78.0755461.  Night was cold (~40 degrees) and partly cloudy.My son also saw the object and agreed that he wasn’t familiar with it.  By the time I got binoculars, the object was obscured by trees, so I never got a closer look.The object consisted of three lights:  two small white lights that flickered rapidly, and a larger orange, or amber, light that pulsated.  I could not make out a shape, just lights.  The object moved very slowly from northeast to southwest.  At times, I wasn't sure it was moving at all.  I kept checking it against fixed stars.It seemed to be moving too slowly to be a conventional aircraft.  It also made no sound.   We saw other aircraft in the air at the same time, but they were obviously conventional aircraft.  The UFO was not.Given our proximity to an Air Force base, I suppose it could have been some type of unconventional aircraft, but I’ve not seen one like it before.  Perhaps it was very, very high, and that’s why it seemed to be moving so slowly and silently.I HAVE seen some kind of experimental aircraft in our skies before.  I’ve seen the glow from jet engines suddenly wink out and the planes go both black and completely silent at night.  I assume it’s some kind of new propulsion system.  I asked somebody who has connections with the base if they fly test flights at night and he just smiled knowingly and said, “No comment.”  So who knows.I am 50ish, male, well-educated, and reasonably sane.  My son is a teenager.  Both of us have good vision and are somewhat skeptical about paranormal stuff.
2/28/15 19:25	Gwalior (India)		Circle	90 minutes	Two lights which were moving in a circular path as if revolving around something  seen in India city named Gwalior.	3/6/15	Two lights which were moving in a circular path as if revolving around something  seen in India city named Gwalior.On 28th Feb., 2015, around 7:30 p.m., when i was talking to my friend on cell phone, i came out to my balcony.  suddenly i saw two lights in the sky which were opposite to each other. Then after sometime they started moving in a circular path as if they were revolving around something.  Sometime they would cross each other and in another moment they would start revolving.  For few seconds they would disappear and then suddenly they re-appear.  One of them sometime move forth and backward in a great speed and then stops and appears to be stationary.  These both lights seems to be circular in shape and were doing some crazy movements in the sky.  These both lights did this for about hour and a half and then they disappeared.((NUFORC Note:  We wonder whether the objects might have been advertising lights, although we don't know whether such lights are available in India.  PD))
2/28/15 07:20	Hemet	CA	Flash	30	Huge flashing UFOs.	3/6/15	Huge flashing UFOs.Huge flashing light the size of a football stadium over the mountains in the clouds then two more often the distance flashing at the same intervals all of them stationary and hovering. The flashes from what I think a looked like a giant ball of flashing lightning perfect intervals were so brightly lit up the whole sky
2/28/15 04:00	Portsmouth	VA	Light	Current	UFOs of Portsmouth, Virginia.	3/6/15	UFOs of Portsmouth, Virginia.The 2 to the left are gone, one from the right is gone, the other from the right and the one from the center look to me that they are in a dog fight in the sky to the right of my home, shooting back and forth what looks to be some kind of white light ve never seen before.  They are darting all over and have seen 3 dark things come shooting out of the one from the center.  I do not know what it is i see right now in the sky as i have never seen anything like it ever, its as if im watching a really good sifi movie with out the tv screen.
2/28/15 02:34	Portsmouth	VA	Light	4 hours	UFOs of Portsmouth, Virginia.	3/6/15	UFOs of Portsmouth, Virginia.To the right of my home there are 2 lights pulsing red but mostly white a good ways apart, in front of my home is 1 all white light pulsing, and to the left of my home there are 2 just like the ones on the right.  The one single all whit pulsing light, like a gun shot a perfect long white light that ive never seen on earth before at one of the ones to the right of me.  The one on the right that was shot at began to move side to side and up and down really fast like iv never seen an aircraft ever move, while staying in the same area of the sky.  I do not drink at all or do drugs, have lived in albuquerque, nm, for 16 years and never seen what i just saw in the sky here in portsmouth tonight.
2/28/15 02:00	Naugatuck	CT	Unknown	5 minutes	I was sleeping and woke up thinking the kids left back light on.  When I looked outside , the whole back yard was covered with illumina	3/6/15	i was sleeping and woke up thinking the kids left back light on.  When I looked outside , the whole back yard was covered with illuminating green circles as if spotlights were in the snow.  I woke up my husband and we went into the kitchen to look again.  I looked up and that green glow was all the way up as far as I could see on the branches off all the trees in backyard.  I looked to both of my neighbors' house and I saw a few of the circular patterns but not as prominent.  I was in awe.  I just went back to bed woke up at 4 am and nothing was there.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/27/15 20:04	Stout	OH	Disk	30 minutes	Disk shaped bright white light hovering hills, disappears behind tree line, reappears as bright yellow with multiple colored flashes.	3/6/15	Disk shaped bright white light hovering hills, disappears behind tree line, reappears as bright yellow with multiple colored flashes.At 8:25 p.m., I was standing at my living room window.  I looked out towards the North West and seen a bright white light hovering the hill in front of our house, straight above a star.  The light hovered for about 10 to 12 minutes and while hovering it brightened and dimmed several times.  At first glance it seemed like it was a star, but it was about 10 times bigger than the stars surrounding.  It kept moving slowly, but if you kept your eye on it you could see that it had moved.  I grabbed my video camera at this point and started filming.Once I started filming the object was still in the approximate location of North West, it sat still for a while and then moved up and the back down slowly.  After about 4 minutes of filming it disappeared over the hill.  Behind the tree line on the crest of the hill you could see the bright white light still behind it, moving in the Northern direction.  I took about 4 pictures of the object, I could see a green haze around the outer perimeter.About 10 minutes after the light had went behind the tree line, it came back up quickly, but was now bright yellow.  I continued to film from my living room and then proceeded out on to the front porch. There was absolutely no noise of any kind.  It started moving extremely fast, faster than a regular jet.  Different flashes of red and white appeared all over the sky, they were about the size of stars.  The object itself zigzagged back and forth towards the East and South East several times and extremely quick that it was very hard to see with your own eye, but it can be seen on the camera.  It was very difficult to keep up with.  It then proceeded in the East direction and over the hill behind our house and then disappeared.
2/27/15 18:30	Canby	OR	Circle	~1 minute	Glowing, pulsing orb seen on a rural road in early evening.  Alternated colors. Rose into the air and flew away, leaving a trail.	3/6/15	Glowing, pulsing orb seen on a rural road in early evening.  Alternated colors.  Rose into the air and flew away, leaving a trail.I was driving home on a rural road in the early evening and noticed a glowing orb floating roughly 150 feet in the air.  When I drove nearer, my radio cut out. It was hard to tell the exact size of the object, but I would say it was between 30 and 50 feet in diameter.  It alternated between orange, yellow, and white. It appeared to be pulsing.I pulled over and continued to watch.  As I did so, it began moving lazily from side-to-side. Then, it rose slowly higher into the air until it was about 300 feet above the ground.  It flew away and disappeared beyond the treeline, leaving a short, hazy trail behind it.  The entire incident took place in roughly a minute and a half. I did not see it anymore after that.
2/27/15 18:00	East Rochester	PA	Circle	10 seconds	Red light moving erratically in the sky.	3/6/15	Red light moving erratically in the sky.On February 27, around 6pm, I was standing outside of the Long John Silver’s restaurant on route 65 in East Rochester, PA.  I took photos of what I believe was Venus shining bright in the sky.  I took 5 shots in about 10 seconds.  I did not notice a red light that seemed to be all over the sky in those photos, until I viewed them later.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/27/15 10:25	Gosport (UK/England)		Circle	450 seconds	i was laying on my bed and saw a circle high in sky then four flashes as if in corners around circle but not attatched.then i thought i	3/6/15	i was laying on my bed and saw a circle high in sky then four flashes as if in corners around circle but not attatched.then i thought it must be my eyes playin tricks, then i saw circle again then nothing.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/27/15 03:50	South Kingstown	RI	Other	30 seconds	Small sparkling lights in the air/sky.	3/6/15	Small sparkling lights in the air/skyMy dog awakened me at the above time to go out to my large fenced yard to her business.  It was a clear, starry night with temps hovering at zero F.  As I was calling her back in I noticed these 'firefly'-like golden lights in the air/sky moving about.  I could not tell if they were indeed small and close by in the pine trees, fifty feet away, or in the sky higher up and farther away behind the trees.  I tried to think of a rational way at looking at these lights but could not.  They were all tightly grouped but moving erratically with a sparkling effect.  They were in the NW part of the sky or closer in my yard and in the trees.  I did see a bright light traveling in the same direction, NW, and away, at the speed of a plane, but could hear no sound and don't know if it were connected in any way to these sparkling lights.  As I went further in the yard to get a closer look they all suddenly just disappeared.  I stayed out in the yard for another five minutes but they did not return and I saw nothing else unusual.
2/27/15	Wilmington	OH	Unknown	30 seconds	We seen one brite light blink and three in rotation behind it and then it was gone.	3/6/15	we seen one brite light.  blink and three in rotation behind it and then it was gone
2/26/15 23:17	Hobbs	NM	Disk	1 minute	Looked out my window saw a orange red super bright light saw disc shape object for 3 seconds whent into clouds lit up about aproximatly	3/6/15	Looked out my window saw a orange red super bright light saw disc shape object for 3 seconds went into clouds lit up about approximately 3 miles Up in The sky just travel west till the orange red super bright light disapeard
2/26/15 20:50	Eagle	ID	Light	30 seconds	Changing lights on rapid ascent and descent	3/6/15	changing lights on rapid ascent and descentThere was a light in the clouds tonight.  I observed a bright red light moving quickly In a horizontal ascent, on a rapid descent the light changed to light blue.  It was moving up and down in rapid and erratic fashion.  I watched for about 30 seconds on the last descent it left vertically and was quickly out of sight.
2/26/15 20:40	Anaheim	CA	Light	~3 minutes	Multiple fiery lights seen in the western sky moving at a slow speed, then eventually disappearing.	3/6/15	Multiple fiery lights seen in the western sky moving at a slow speed, then eventually disappearing.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/26/15 20:15	Waddell	AZ	Cigar	10 minutes	Driving on the 303 S & exited on Waddell, we saw a bright, bright orange/yellow light in a horizontal row on the sky. They looked like	3/6/15	Driving on the 303 S & exited on Waddell, we saw a bright, bright orange/yellow light in a horizontal row on the sky.  They looked like freeway lights but really high in the sky & were still.  No motion, so we know it couldn't be a plane.  We exited Waddell & turned west.  The light were Still high in the sky & motionless but glowing so bright.  We were confused on what we were seeing, & when we got to the intersection of Cotton & Waddell, we headed South to see what it was.  Still motionless & high in the sky we drove on to get a closer look.  We turned west on Camelback & off of Cotton.  The lights were on our left in the sky, driving slow we watched as the lights from putter to inner just  disappeared into the sky.  And left nothing behind but the empty looming sky as if the lights went into something invisible & just like that vanished ... Leaving us wondering is we were just witness to UFO.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/26/15 19:20	Carlisle	PA	Other	1 minute	Strange flying lights; plane's don't do that.	3/6/15	Strange flying lights; plane's don't do that.I am making this ufo report, in hopes that if others seen it, they might be more like to report what they seen.	I was walking into where I work, I was walking east, and saw 2 rows of 5 lights moving from north to south, each set of lights was about 2 fingers  widths at arms length, and about 8 fingers width between the 2 separate objects.  It was about 7:20 pm February 26th.  28 years working here, I know the view very well.  I noticed these two lights, but took them to be airplanes, flying toward me.  They looked big, but this is how the mind rationalized what I saw.  As I walked, things didn’t look right.  I stopped and used a distant light pole to see the direction or flight.That’s where things didn’t line up.  I could see 5 lights on each, so if it was a plane, it has to be moving toward me.  Such that I would be seeing headlights of a big plane. But I was due east, and they were going south.  There motion was slow, but not unremarkable for planes at a distance of several miles, at about 4 fingers, at arm's length, above the ground.What happened next, is the thing that puts this into ufo category.  This 1st set of lights, turns near vertical, to about 80 degrees.  Which is nuts for any airplane that big and that low. But even more odd, is that the forward leading light tilted down.  Such that if this were a plane, it would be turning very sharply south.  Because I am thinking it moving toward me” because of the lights”, but it was already moving south before the turn.  What I saw, was the light go out or turn from view, going north not south.  How can a plane, moving south, turn to go north, where the leading light go down to 80 degrees, they didn’t go back to level, just “looked” to turn out of view.  The turn was too sharp, and the tilt was in the wrong direction, the plane were too close to each other, and too low.  This turn was in about 8 finger widths, and I’m being generous.  Then the other set of lights followed, but faster.If a plane was going south, I should not have seen so many lights.  If the plane were moving east “ which it wasn’t” then to turn north, the northern most light tilt down to bank north.  I just can’t see how a normal plane can do what I saw.
2/26/15 18:45	North Las Vegas	NV	Circle	3 minutes	Seven crafts appeared in north las Vegas around 6:45. They were orange/yellow in color. They appeared then disappeared. Traveling east	3/6/15	Seven crafts appeared in north las Vegas around 6:45.  They were orange/yellow in color.  They appeared then disappeared.  Traveling east to west.
2/26/15 05:30	Winter Garden	FL		2 minutes	Tall White; Claimed to be Alien #6.	3/6/15	Tall White; Claimed to be Alien #6I was asleep and a very tall being appeared to me.  It was approximately seven feet tall, it was wearing a dark cloak with colored rings on its collar (orange and yellow).  It had the appearance of a very important creature.  While it looked like a typical "Grey", it also had a very human appearance.  It didn't look straight at me, but slightly to the right; therefore I was looking at the left side of it's face.It spoke to me in English, but it's lips didn't move.  It said, "I am a well-known member of your society.  You know who I am.  I am Alien number six.".  I responded, "Who are you? What is your name?"  It bend to it's right, but I woke up.
2/26/15 00:30	San Jose	CA	Triangle	3 minutes	Bright orange dot of light hovering and moving  slowly in the sky.	3/6/15	Bright orange dot of light hovering and moving  slowly in the sky.On February 26th, 2015, at 12:30 AM, my friend accompanies me on a dog walk, as I get out of late.  I noticed a bright orange light, too orange to be a planet, in the sky.  Because it was moving slowly we agreed it was not a planet or meteorite.  I asked him, is that an airplane?  He answered no, if it was an airplane it appears it would be falling. It began to get slightly brighter and continued moving slowly.  Too slow to be an airplane, or helicopter, completely silent and nothing like we've both ever seen before.  My friend noted a triangular shape.  This  lasted a total of maybe three minutes.  Then, it began to get dimmer in brightness.  Then within a 5-10 second time span, it began to appear to blink, getting smaller and then completely disappeared.  We both do not take drugs, I am college educated and hold a Bachelor's degree, and have up until this point been very skeptical.  My friend is healthy, intelligent and well-read and reasonable and both of us do not have mental illness(s).
2/25/15 23:30	Hollywood	FL	Unknown	10 minutes	2 very bright green lights seen heading directly W in E. Hollywood. Lights did not pulse and were extremely large but did not cast	3/6/15	2 very bright green lights seen heading directly west in east Hollywood.  Lights did not pulse and were extremely large but did not cast a beam onto the clouds it was as if it was a glow and not a bulb light.  Lights suddenly turned bright red in an instant.  Object about minute  later came to an abrupt halt.  The object made zero sounds and was very close by.  When we pointed at it and made a comment about it not even moving a tiny bit on a very windy night it dropped very quickly straight down almost like an elevator with zero hesitation dropping out of sight.  We ran to the street to get a better look and the object shot straight up into the sky and out of site. Never seen anything like it before.
2/25/15 21:30	Danbury	CT	Other	1 minute	I stepped outside at roughly 9:30 pm because I heard a really loud noise that was actually shaking the house.As soon as I stepped o	3/6/15	I stepped outside at roughly 9:30 pm because I heard a really loud noise that was actually shaking the house.As soon as I stepped out a helicopter flew over the house pursuing a large dark object with no lights on it .The craft, from what I could see was slightly bigger than the helicopter.They were flying so low that I actually felt the wind from the helicopter.
2/25/15 20:30	Muskegon	MI	Circle	3-5 minutes	Reddish orange glitzy UFO circle over Lake Michigan.	3/6/15	Reddish orange glitzy UFO circle over Lake Michigan.This is the second night in a row  same spot over Lake Michigan.  I spotted an object that was circular and was reddish orange with a green haze around it.  It was dazzily and glitzy, and hovered in the same 100 ft radius, moving slowly left and right, and up and down.  Then disappeared. The first written report I made to you guys was the 25th of Feb., the day after the first sighting.
2/25/15 20:30	Syracuse	NY	Light	15 minutes	2/25/2015 20:30  Bright light appeared over Syracuse, NY, for 15 minutes, then headed west.	3/6/15	2/25/2015 20:30  Bright light appeared over Syracuse, NY, for 15 minutes, then headed west.2/25/2015  20:30  I watched a star like object in western sky for 15 min.  It looked like it was pulsating but not moving.  I didn't  take my eyes off it for about 15 min.  I looked away for a sec and it was gone.  I think I spotted it going west.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/25/15 20:20	Tucson	AZ	Fireball	10 minutes	Splitting orbs, fade out.	3/6/15	Splitting Orbs, Fade Out.Orbs of light, orange/yellow in color.  Started as one, split to two, then three, straight across.  No trails up or across.  Have seen them on numerous occasions over the last few weeks.  Shortly after, military planes head out.No sounds.  They fade out and reappear nearby.  Always South/Southwest of Tucson.
2/25/15 20:00	Bountiful	UT	Fireball	3-4 minutes	At around 22:00. I was out jogging and noticed a bright orange fireball type of object flying pretty slowly across the sky. It seemed l	3/6/15	At around 22:00. I was out jogging and noticed a bright orange fireball type of object flying pretty slowly across the sky.  It seemed like a circular object that appeared to be on fire.  It was traveling from South to North.As it proceeded to move northward, the bright orangeness started to fade a little bit and I noticed it had a silver/Transparent appearance.  It flew across the sky for about 3 minutes.About 1 minute later, I saw another object with the exact description listed above.  It was flying in the same direction and flew across the sky for about 2 minutes.  However, it was traveling faster than the first object.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/25/15 18:15	Round Rock	TX	Fireball	5 minutes	Orange fireball with two, distinct "wings" reaching back behind it.	3/6/15	Orange fireball with two, distinct "wings" reaching back behind it.My son was taking out the trash and came running in to say there was a strange fireball thing in the sky with two ends.  I went out to take a look, then rushed in to grab my Nikkon 35mm film camera and attached the zoom lens on it for a better look.  Unfortunately, I couldn't get the camera to focus on it as it was moving, in order to take a picture.  What it looked like throught the lens was a ball of fire with back "wings."  I would say the shape almost resembled a large plane completely engulfed in flames with no back half, only the front through the wings except the wings reached back behind.  Through the lens, there was no mistaking the orange glow and flames.  Considering its size with the naked eye it had to be comparable to a 747, at least.  It continued on northward until it was out of sight.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/25/15 15:30	Sulphur	OK	Rectangle	5 seconds	Small silver object size of big rectangular cell phone traveled past me - what's up with that?	3/6/15	Small silver object size of big rectangular cell phone traveled past me - what's up with that?The object was about 15 yards away, it was rectangular - about 3 inches high, 12 inches long, uncertain of the width, it was aluminum foil in color, it was traveling from West to East in a straight line approx. 10 feet off the ground. I was facing North, it was traveling from my left to my right.  I first saw directly in front of me front of me for about 1 or 2 seconds (in the direction of a farm pond on my property), when it was right in front of me it vanished (I could not see it for 1 of 2 seconds) then it again appeared to my right about 20 feet farther to the East continuing in the same direction it had been traveling and I saw it for 1 or 2 seconds as it traveled away from me.  I estimate its rate of speed was 10-15 MPH - about as fast as a man can run.  It never reappeared.
2/25/15	Moriarty	NM	Other	~30 minutes	Single bright pink low &quot;cloud&quot; when still dark before sunrise.	3/6/15	Single bright pink low &quot;cloud&quot; when still dark before sunriseI'm not sure what this actually was...  Also couldn't put time above, but it was 5:45 am when I noticed this...  there was a fairly large, low hanging, club-shaped "cloud" about 1 mi. S of our house which is 3 mi. S of Moriarty, NM.  It was bright medium pink.  The sun hadn't even come up enough over the horizon yet to light the edges of a cloud bank far E of my location. Weather at the time is very clear, cold, occasional breeze, except for the pink "cloud" and the cloud bank far distant to the E. "Cloud" appears nearly motionless.  It was fairly dissipated by 6:20 am, and had barely moved in a NW direction.  I've lived all over the US and I've seen plenty of crazy weather anomalies and this "cloud" WAS NOT RIGHT.  I even got my friends son to come look at it.  He looked around at the sky (to see if there was something worth noting) looked back at the "cloud" and agreed it was a strange shade of pink.  I had no way to take a picture unfortunately.  As a side-note there have also been issues with weird lights at night that were frequent around September last year but have tapered off to 1-2 times a month.  They appear to be terrestrial or just above the ground. Between the lights and this freaky cloud I figured I should report something.
2/24/15 21:00	Plantation	FL	Circle	2 minutes	Weird object flying in Plantation, FL.	3/6/15	Weird object fliying in Plantation, FL.I was arriving at home at 21:00hrs when I saw an object flying heading west to east.  Approx. altitude--150 feet.  Speed: 30 mph.  Size: 4 feet diameter.  No navigation lights, no noise, flying silent at all. Illuminated as fire colors.  My son and I saw the object.  The night was no windy so can not be confused with a balloon.  Was neither a Drone since no leds were observed.  It continued in straight line until could not be seen.  We are near Nob Hill Rd and Broward Blvd.
2/24/15 20:00	Lexington	SC	Sphere	10 minutes	I saw 3 sphere shaped fire orange colored objects in the sky.	3/6/15	I saw 3 sphere shaped fire orange colored objects in the sky.We were coming home from Myrtle Beach, SC, and when we were pulling into our home, I looked out of the window and saw what looked like orange and red fire maybe in a sphere shape.  I saw the first one and followed it and it disappeared,  I thought that was it and was very confused about what I had seen, I then saw another one and another.  It was glowing.
2/24/15 20:00	Chambersburg	PA	Light	0.30	Bright unmoving star light object observed in lower sky where no astrological object should be.	3/6/15	Bright unmoving star light object observed in lower sky where no astrological object should beAt around 8 PM on the evening of the 24th - i was pointing out stars and formations in the sky to my grandchildren.  In the western sky - fairly low - but above the mountains - was a bright object - second in brightness to the moon - at first i thought it was the planet Venus - but upon observing the light blinked like a star's light and i found Venus in the eastern (sic.  Jupiter?  Venus is in the western sky, at the time indicated.  NUFORC) sky.  Upon further observation - i saw a small reddish hue to the lower left side of the bright object.  The sky was perfectly clear without clouds, there was no noticeable noise, and the object was not moving.  I placed a point of reference in the ground to make sure the object was not moving.  After watching some 5-10 minutes - i got my wife and son in law to observe as well.  We took a few pictures on the cell phone - but nothing really of note - After observing off and on for 30 minutes - i went to the computer to see what might be so bright in the western sky - and found nothing of note for that t! ime and date.  I went to get my camcorder to film the object - came back outside and the object was gone.  This whole process consisted of some 30 minutes in duration.  I have been watching the sky as weather allowed the last several nights since- around the same period and have not seen anything - except for the 27th - when around the same time i observed a similar light in brightness in the western sky - but higher than the previous night.  I observed for about 10 minutes - when i went inside to get the camcorder I emerged to an empty sky again.  We are in a rural area with a very clear sky with little light residue.  We are also near a military depot - around 7 miles away.  A friend observed the brightness in the western sky on the 24th as well - but assumed it was a star and did not watch it for any period.
2/24/15 19:03	Kingsport	TN	Light	~15 seconds	Object (or light) yellow/orange in color seen silently traveling from west to east in Sullivan County, TN.	3/6/15	Object (or light) yellow/orange in color seen silently traveling from west to east in Sullivan County, TN.I was at my home of which is located out in the country within the rolling hills of East Tennessee; it is worth mentioning that we have good views of the sky from our home.  I had been shoveling snow out in the driveway and also along the front walk of our house; the sun had set and so I decided that it was time to call it quits and go inside for the evening.  I had been looking down at the ground while I was performing the work, but upon stopping the work I lifted my head and turned towards the house so as to begin making my way back towards the front step.  As I took a couple steps towards the house, I immediately realized that the brighter planets and stars had become visible in the evening sky, and so I paused so as to take in the view of the evening sky and enjoy the moment; that is when something else caught my attention.  As I was looking towards the western sky I saw what I thought at first to be an extremely bright planet or star visible in the sky; it appeared from behind a low hanging cloud.  Now there were a several clouds that were hanging low in the sky but beyond the scattered clouds was a crystal clear winter sky.  When I first noticed the object it appeared to be moving and so I immediately began to assess whether it was moving or if it was a stationary planetary object with the low hanging clouds moving across the sky instead; within a second or two it was obvious that the object was traveling west to east at a rather high rate of speed.  It appeared to be traveling at an altitude that was consistent with the low hanging clouds or just above them due to the clouds would momentarily block my vision of it as it traveled across the sky towards the east.  It was close enough that had I had my 10x50 power binoculars on my person I would have likely gotten a much better look at it and could have likely at least identified a particular shape if not much more detail; for instance, at the distance and altitude of which it appea! red to be I would have easily been able to clearly identify a ! typical aircraft if I had viewed it through my 10x50 binoculars.  Upon almost immediately realizing that this could potentially be an interesting aerial anomaly I considered running to get my binoculars, but taking into consideration how fast it was traveling I realized that it would only be visible for a few seconds unless it slowed its pace and so I just decided to try view it best I could from my current vantage point.  Its appearance was like that of a bright planet except; more like a light than an object. The color of the object (or light) appeared to me as the tone of yellow/light-orange (much similar to the appearance of afterburners from a conventional fighter jet and had it been only flying away from me then I would have considered this to be a reasonable consideration). The color of the object/light stayed consistent throughout the siting; it stayed a solid tone of yellow/light orange.  When I notice this object it was located looking towards the western sky; I watched it closely as it traveled from west to east.  It was traveling at a speed that in my opinion is consistent of a fighter jet traveling at least normal cruise. It was quiet out and I was intently listening to see if I could hear any sound coming from the object; I heard no noise coming from or produced by the object,  I only heard a dog barking intermittently off in the distance.  I am most certain that had this been a conventional aircraft I would have heard some sound associated with the object.  There was absolutely no contrail or exhaust visible to me coming from this object.  I would say that from my vantage point, when I first saw the object I would have been viewing what should be the side of the object and as it traveled across the sky I would have been looking at the rear of the object as it went away (off into the distance); this prevented me from considering the possibility that what I saw was any kind of landing or taxi lights of an aircraft.  I am a former State Section Director for MUFON and so I try to always be on the look-out fo! r things that are out of the ordinary; this particular light or object I felt was worth a report, for it is not often that something appears this low in altitude and close enough that you should be able to hear sound emitted of which I cannot easily identify.  If it was an aircraft, then I would certainly think that is was likely of the stealth due to the lack of sound emitted.
2/24/15 17:40	Baton Rouge	LA	Triangle	4 minutes	I was driving home from work and saw something in the sky at first I thought it was a plane and when I got closer the red lights were i	3/6/15	I was driving home from work and saw something in the sky at first I thought it was a plane and when I got closer the red lights were in the shape of a triangle with green and blue blinking lights.  At some point, the red lights which were on the outside if the triangle would disappear and the blue lights which were in the middle were visible then you would  see the green, then the red would appear again with the blue and then green.  Not sure what it was but is was dark and it was high enough in the sky I couldn't tell.
2/24/15 12:30	Fort Collins	CO	Sphere	2 minutes	Bright Orange Sphere heading south.  No sound.	3/6/15	Bright Orange Sphere heading south.  No soundLow,slow moving bright orange sphere.  Heading north to south.  I watched it slowly move mid tree line, then disappeared from sight.
2/24/15 06:00	Yachats	OR	Fireball	15 minutes	A 'fiery ball' motionless over the Pacific Ocean.	3/6/15	A 'fiery ball' motionless over the Pacific OceanAt 6:07 am, I was looking over the Pacific Ocean, to the northwest, and noticed far in the distance a fiery ball in the sky.  Too low to be a star or plan, too high for a boat light.  I notice it was in one spot then would move very slowly to the left, stop, move slowly more left, stop.  I even saw it go up in a circle and to the right a little. I watched it for almost 15 minutes (till 6:22 am), and it faintly disappeared in the west. Again, this object was motionless- Wasn't moving (hardly) at all. The ISS was suppose to be flying over our area (fit the sunlit description), but not until 6:40 am, viewing in the south and I am sure it wouldn't just 'stop' and hang out.  I was thinking maybe coast guard, but it seemed to be too high to search and rescue; No jet or airplanes fly over that early and wouldn't stop mid-flight?!  What else,  A falling star?-  wasn't moving fast enough!
2/24/15 02:30	Newport News	VA	Fireball	10 seconds	3 UFOs flying through the sky.	3/6/15	3 UFOs flying through the sky.My husband and I went outside in my backyard before we went to bed looked up in the sky to see three orange lights flying through the sky in a straight line going at a very high speed.  From the ground they look to be about 3 feet apart they were there and then they were gone I stood outside to see if they would come back and they are nowhere to be found.  They all disappeared at the exact same spot about 3 seconds apart can anybody tell me what this is
2/24/15 01:00	Berkeley	CA	Light	5+ minutes	Pulsating blue and red light over the Berkeley/ Oakland Hills.	3/6/15	Pulsating blue and red light over the Berkeley/ Oakland Hills.There is a light about 10,000 feet or more above the Berkeley Hills in Berkeley, CA.  The light appears stationary and pulsates a red and blue light.  My companion and I stared at it for at least 5 minutes and it was still there when I left- it doesn’t appear to be a star, since the blue and red colors are so pronounced.  It also may have slightly shifted from right to left and back again, which one can only detect because of the lights relative position to the buildings from our perspective.The light is located in what appears to be the northeastern sky from the downtown Berkeley area, just over the Berkeley or perhaps the Oakland hills area.
2/24/15 00:15	Maple Falls	WA	Light	10 minutes	Bright multi-color object.	3/6/15	Shortly after midnight, both my wife and I observed out of our window a very bright multi-color object low in the night sky, South West of our location, in Maple Falls.  The lights were flashing in intense reds, blues and white - similar maybe to police car emergency lights - but faster and brighter.  It moved very slowly within the same area before dropping below the ridge and out of site.We observed this object with the naked eye as well as a pair of binoculars for a little over 10 minutes.  We were unable to tell how far this object was, but it disappeared behind a ridge that is approximately 2500 ft away.It was easily the brightest object in the sky at the time.  There were no discernible details that would suggest that this was a helicopter or other known aircraft.
2/24/15 00:15	Maple Falls	WA	Light	10 minutes	Bright multi-color object.  ((NUFORC Note:  Probable sighting of the star, Sirius, we suspect.  PD))	3/6/15	Shortly after midnight, both my wife and I observed out of our window a very bright multi-color object low in the night sky, southwest of our location, in Maple Falls.  The lights were flashing in intense reds, blues and white - similar maybe to police car emergency lights - but faster and brighter.  It moved very slowly within the same area before dropping below the ridge and out of site.We observed this object with the naked eye as well as a pair of binoculars for a little over 10 minutes.  We were unable to tell how far this object was, but it disappeared behind a ridge that is approximately 2500 ft away.  It was easily the brightest object in the sky at the time.  There were no discernible details that would suggest that this was a helicopter or other known aircraft.((NUFORC Note:  Probable sighting of the star, Sirius, we suspect.  PD))
2/23/15 23:12	Nampa	ID	Rectangle	3 minutes	Huge object moving really fast but not to fast or slow and just disappeared.  ((NUFORC Note:  Re-entering Chinese rocket.  PD))	3/6/15	Huge object moving really fast but not to fast or slow and just disappeared.It was moving across the sky at a high speed but not as fast as meteor but not as slow as a Military Jet.  Their was a dust cloud behind it and it had a little bit of white light.  It was going Faster and Faster and lower and lower then it was gone just like that.  It was huge like giant.  It reminded me of the ships off the avengers the marvel movie.((NUFORC Note:  Re-entering Chinese 3rd-stage rocket casing.  PD))
2/23/15 23:00	Boise	ID	Fireball	3 minutes	A very bright orange fireball with an extremely long tail.  We're pretty sure it was a burning satellite or meteor.	3/6/15	a very bright orange fireball with an extremely long tail.  We're pretty sure it was a burning satellite or meteor.  Headed south east to North West.((NUFORC Note:  Re-entering Chinese 3rd-stage rocket casing.  PD))((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/23/15 22:15	Donnelly	ID	Light	30 minutes	Pulsing red, blue, green and white light coming from one source with no apparent movement for a long time.	3/6/15	Pulsing red, blue, green and white light coming from one source with no apparent movement for a long time.Too far away to notice any shape.  Pulsing Red/blue/green/white light coming from one source.  No noticeable movement-stable, seemed to just hang in the southern sky over Donnelly, Idaho.((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of a "twinkling" star??  PD))
2/23/15 22:10	Kootenai (10 miles north}	ID	Changing	25-45 seconds	Object the size of a car emitting a tail w/ smaller object alongside of it. ((NUFORC Note:  Re-entering rocket.  PD))	3/6/15	object the size of a car emitting a tail w/ smaller object along side of itcenter vally rd. and colburn culver,heading north,within 60 ft away and 60 ft. off the ground. helicopter 1/8 mile away tracking object.30-40 mph.  car size object w/ smaller object.to low for object to be seen all the way in Canada had to of hit something or it hit the ground or burned up somewhere north of sighting((NUFORC Note:  Re-entering Chinese 3rd-stage rocket casing.  PD))
2/23/15 22:00	East Spokane	WA	Cigar	90 seconds	Large cigar shaped objected seen going S to N at a down angle in east Spokane.  ((NUFORC Note:  Re-entering rocket.  PD))	3/6/15	Large cigar shaped objected seen going south to north at a down angle in east Spokane seen for about a min and a half.  It looked orange red and white along the shape of craft.   There was no noise flying at at normal commercial plane speed.((NUFORC Note:  Re-entering Chinese 3rd-stage rocket casing.  PD))
2/23/15 22:00	Spokane	WA	Light	3 minutes	Flat shaped white light traveling fairly slow, with a long trail of red and white tail, almost like what u would see from a plane.	3/6/15	Flat shaped white light traveling fairly slow, with a long trail of red and white tail, almost like what u would see from a plane.  Had sparkling dust like lights within the trail mist.  And had small sparkling white lights following, that would fade and come back.  Possibly a BIG meteor, but deff not anything I have ever seen.  Was like a giant slow moving shooting star with lots of color.  Almost beautiful!!((NUFORC Note:  Re-entering Chinese 3rd-stage rocket casing.  PD))
2/23/15 21:57	Elk	WA	Fireball	2 minutes	Fireball heading north in Elk, Washington.  ((NUFORC Note:  Re-entering Chinese 3rd-stage rocket casing.  PD))	3/6/15	Fireball Heading North In Elk, Washington.Seen fireball heading North, huge broken in lots of pieces, lasted for about a minute and half and half to 2 minutes.  Never seen anything like it.((NUFORC Note:  Re-entering Chinese 3rd-stage rocket casing.  PD))
2/23/15 21:55	LaGrande	OR	Other	1 minutes	Very clear night.  ((NUFORC Note:  Re-entering Chinese 3rd-stage rocket casing.  PD))	3/6/15	Very clear night.Stepped outside to check on cats and caught movement in the sky approx. 500ft. in altitude to the east, traveling south to north up the middle of the Grande Rhonde Valley.  Appeared to be a long tapered light approx. 100ft. long with a dark center with 2 bright dots in the middle, dim light as passing through a cloud on the top and bottom... although the sky was clear.  No sound whatsoever.  I watched the object fly straight and level for approx. 30 sec., and ran in to get my glasses, only to run back outside and see it fade away to the north behind some foothills.((NUFORC Note:  Re-entering Chinese 3rd-stage rocket casing.  PD))
2/23/15 20:50	Boise	ID	Fireball	2 minutes	A bright light streaked N across the sky at a rapid pace with two flaming parallel tails.  ((NUFORC Note:  Re-entering rocket.  PD))	3/6/15	A bright light streaked north across the sky at a rapid pace with two flaming parallel tails of flame trailing behind for a good distance.  We watched it cross the sky for a minute before disappearing over the horizon.((NUFORC Note:  Re-entering Chinese 3rd-stage rocket casing.  PD))
2/23/15 20:30	Madison	OH	Changing	20 minutes	3 bright whitish lights that changed formation moved slowly above the tree-line toward Lake Erie then disappeared.	3/6/15	3 bright whitish lights that changed formation moved slowly above the tree-line toward Lake Erie then disappeared.2/23/15, 8:30 pm.  Madison/Perry/Painesville, OH.My son and I saw a very large triangular formation very low in the western sky.  Three bright whitish  lights seemed to change formation from a triangle to an L-shape and seemed to appear as one light at times.   Difficult to estimate size, maybe as large as a football field; and maybe a mile away at first, then it would seem closer, then move farther away again.  It was very erratic in shape, and distance.  It was probably more than one object.  We got in the car and followed it as it moved slowly northward toward Lake Erie.  It made no sound, and we kept losing sight of it due to the tree line.  We finally lost sight of it close to Painesville over Lake Erie near the Perry Nuclear Plant.  The sky is clear tonight and the quarter moon was quite high above the formation.  This thing was too large and low in the sky to be a plane or helicopter.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/23/15 19:50	Vienna	VA	Formation	1-2 minutes	Three bright white lights with equally bright flashing red lights.	3/6/15	Three bright white lights with equally bright flashing red lightsSaw what I believed was an aircraft flying west to east from Dulles toward Washington, DC. It had three bright white lights, all spaced apart.  Each light had an accompying bright red light, flashing.  Whatever this was, it was flying very low.  Honestly I couldn't tell if it was one aircraft with evenly spaced lights or several aircraft flying together.  It was flying very low--possibly right above the tree line.  A helicopter was flying the opposite direction and appeared to be much higher.  The helicopter was very loud but whatever I saw, it made no noise that I could hear.  It flew in silence at a very consistent pace.  Not that fast but not slow either.  There are many aircraft out tonight but the lights on the other aircraft are less bright and they tend to have white strobes.  Whatever I saw did not, just very bright white lights with pulsing red lights.  Both light were of equal brightness.  Might not be an alien craft but it was very strange!((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/23/15 19:25	Modesto	CA	Light	5 minutes	Witnessed erratic movement of lights in sky appearing to head north/west from our location.  No red lights present.  Movement patterns	3/6/15	Witnessed erratic movement of lights in sky appearing to head north/west from our location.  No red lights present.  Movement patterns were too erratic for known aircraft.  Objects traveled from east to west prior to heading north/west.  Weird.
2/23/15 19:00	Cumberland	MD	Chevron	20-25 minutes	A bright V-shaped stationary object in the northwest night sky.	3/6/15	A bright v shaped stationary object in the northwest night sky.I heard a helicopter flying low over my house and went out to see what was going on.  I saw the helicopter and then noticed a bright v-shaped light/object in the northwest sky, around 30 degrees above the mountains.  It appeared to be emitting light beneath it.  I viewed it from several locations in my yard and it looked the same.  I got my son (20) and wife and they also saw it.  It was brighter and twice as big as anything else I could see.  I went inside after about 20 minutes and looked online to see if anyone else was reporting it.  I went out about 10 minutes later and it was gone, although a bright star that was under and to the right of it was still visible.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/23/15 18:53	Duncan	AZ	Light	4 seconds	4 lights appear from nowhere.	3/6/15	4 lights appear from nowhere.Stepped outside to take pictures of the sunset on 2/23/15 a bright light appeared.  The one light split into four lights for about three seconds before disappearing.  No noise or trailing from the lights.
2/23/15 18:05	Fallon	NV	Formation	15 seconds	Four lights forming a parallel line transformed into a triangle, and then blinked out.	3/6/15	Four lights forming a parallel line transformed into a triangle, and then blinked out.Driving North on Lovelock Highway near Coleman Rd, I noticed 4 lights in a parallel line which seemed to be coming toward me from the North-Northeast.  They appeared to be near the Fallon Airport and I initially supposed them to be one of the large Navy jets heading toward the base.  As they continued to approach, I could see that there was no body to the aircraft, but four separate lights which then changed from a parallel line to a triangle, with the 2nd light from the left forming the apex.  After about 5 seconds, the lights simultaneously blinked out.  I was unable to see any other sign of them.  When I made it home a few minutes later, only the brightest starts and Venus were visible in the sky.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/23/15 15:00	Blocksburg	CA	Other	10 minutes	long fuselage with four wings.	3/6/15	long fuselage with four wingstwo of us were outside clearing up a fallen tree.  We took a rest break and laid down on two chaise lounges, we were facing the sky.   after awhile we heard a loud hum like a jet plane might make only it seemed closer.   we could not see anything in the clear sky above except the daytime cresent moon.    then we saw the aircraft.  it had  a very long fuselage and four wings. ...heading south.    most diffently one craft.  it was flying lower than any aircraft we commonly see here.  the craft was grey blue.   there was on contrail.
2/23/15 11:00	Olympia	WA	Cigar	~5 minutes	White cigar-shaped silent slow moving craft at about 1 mile high and maybe three miles away was moving south, fired two bright flashes	3/6/15	white cigar-shaped silent slow moving craft at about 1 mile high and maybe three miles away was moving south, fired two bright flashesSaw my first ever UFO today, February 23, 2015, at 11 a.m. Pacific Time.  By UFO, I mean Unidentified Floating Object – it was not flying – had no wings, no tail, no rotors. There was no sound, though as far away as it was, even if it had been an airplane I might not have heard it.  There was no condensation trail behind it.  The movement of the cigar-shaped white object was so slow that it appeared to be simply floating along at perhaps about 30-40 mph.  There’s a possibility it may have been a drone – I’ve not seen all the types of drones the Military has these days, and there is a Base nearby, so who knows?  It could have been ours, but maybe it wasn’t. I don’t know.  Here’s what happened.I had just pulled out of the Post Office parking lot on Jefferson Street in Olympia, Washington, and turned right (north).  After one block Jefferson Street makes a curve to the NW and as I was looking ahead during the curve (first gorgeous blue sky day we’ve had in a while) a white cylindrical shape in the distant sky caught my attention.  As a cloud watcher I am often looking at the sky, and this object caught my attention as it did not look like a normal airplane.  It was long, cylindrical, no wings, tail or rotors, no windows as far as I could tell.  It was hard to tell how far away it was – I would guess perhaps anywhere from 1.5 to 2 miles away.  Elevation (guessing again) may have been 0.5 to one mile high.  It’s really hard to tell as there was nothing to triangulate it with.  I am a pilot, though I haven’t flown in years, and I’ve sailed across the Pacific Ocean from Sausalito, CA, to Hawaii, and hiked many wilderness trails alone for up to three weeks at a stint, so I’m used to seeing unusual things, but never anything like this before.As I was driving on Jefferson and it became Adam Street, I decided to watch it as it was so intriguing, so I pulled over to the sidewalk in front of a yellow fire hydrant (there was nowhere else to park) and watched it for perhaps 3-5 minutes before I couldn’t see it anymore.  Here’s what it did during those minutes.From my viewpoint it was to my WNW, and was headed south, maybe a tweak to the southwest, moving very slowly, silently, for about one minute of my watch time, when suddenly it veered sharply to its right – due west – so now all I could see was the dot of its circumference.  The whiteness of the object was getting dimmer as it moved further west, and suddenly I noticed a bright pomegranate colored flash below it to the south, then another less brilliant flash a little further away, then a third even dimmer and further still away.  They were like light flashes, nothing exploding, not flares, and were all in a single Southern and lower trajectory from the craft.  That was bizarre, then a few seconds later the craft made an abrupt turn and was longwise to my view again, pointing south.  It seemed to just hover there for maybe ten seconds, not proceed further south.  Then it abruptly turned West again and within a few seconds there was another brilliant flash off the side of the craft – a brilliant whitish green electric colored flash – white on the far side, greener closer to the craft. That flash was fan shaped, different that the burst of round light previously seen.  The fanned-out part of the white-green flash was away from the craft, while the narrow part of the fan-shape was right near the craft.I kept watching and it got harder and harder to see, as it was moving slowly further away. I started up the truck and drove over to a parking area on Capitol Lake, got out and continued looking for it, but didn’t see it again.  Lots of people were out walking around the lake, and after maybe an hour of me walking around it slowly while still searching the sky, I finally got back to the truck, drove to do a quick errand, then decided to drive back to where I had originally seen it.  I took photos of the location, made a quick video, got back in the truck and was about to drive away when I saw something that almost looked like the same white cigar shape again – Same location in the sky – only this time it was higher and harder to see than it had been the first time.  I watched it closely but it disappeared as it headed south much more quickly than the first one – within maybe ten seconds – due to its higher elevation and distance from me – not to its speed, as it was still slow.There is an airport to the south of Olympia and I frequently see low flying planes coming in on approach, but that flight pattern is different than where these objects were flying.  These were too high for approach and way too far west.  The best I can figure is they were above West Olympia and the southernmost shores of Puget Sound heading southwest and west which would take them (or at least the first one) over Black Lake and perhaps on over to the Capitol State Forest.  Don’t know what they were, but I do know they were not planes, helicopters or any other craft I am familiar with.
2/23/15 10:50	Casper	WY	Fireball	on cy rd	I was driving home from my mom house and saw something gliding passed the moon shade in the sky and notice that it was redis orange col	3/6/15	I was driving home from my mom house and saw something gliding passed the moon shade in the sky and notice that it was redish orange color in the back of it and then dispersed after 4 mins of watching it go tords town.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/22/15 22:50	Scottsdale	AZ	Triangle	5 minutes	Its shape was outlined from the two lights on the ends and how it covered the stars behind it.	3/6/15	Its shape was outlined from the two lights on the ends and how it covered the stars behind it.Me and my two young sons were leaving on a bike to home.  I was fixing the bike seat so my older of the two sons could ride the younger one home, as I was going to walk besides them.  I looked up and saw two lights floating by, seems close to the ground.  I walked over couple of feet and saw it was a triangle, black, quiet, floating straight north.  I told my boys to look and they started yelling and saying "what is that?"  I began yelling to, hoping someone would come out to see it.  The lights were small and white on the ends of the side that was facing us.  I told my youngest to run inside the house to get my nephew to see it.  He tried to run, but fell.  By the time my nephew came out, it went draught into the clouds.  I was excited, but my son's began to shake terriblely.  And one even threw up from being so scared of what we had just seen.It took about 3-4 minutes for it to be a field away from us to get into the clouds about 8 miles away.It was low, no noise.I'm in shock.
2/22/15 20:19	Wilmington	MA	Fireball		((HOAX??))  Round craft bright red light with what looked like fire coming from it.	3/6/15	Round craft bright red light with what looked like fire coming from it.What looked to be a round craft dark red with almost fire on it. it moved at a slow pace and hovered for 5 mins then started blinking and flew off into the sky.  My friend spotted it.  I ran outside and we both stared in shock.  It's the closest thing we both have seen to a spacecraft that was not from this world.  We have video but want to remain anonymous.((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the report may be a hoax.  The source of the report has provided bogus contact information.  PD))
2/22/15 20:13	Sandy Springs	GA	Disk	1 hour	My brother and I saw 3 disk looking figures, only 500 feet above us.	3/6/15	My brother and I saw 3 disk looking figures, only 500 feet above us.My brother and I were geocaching, and we saw 3 metical looking disk right above us. (Maybe 500 ft. above us).  I shined my flashlight at them and they flew off.  The odd thing is it didn't make a noise.
2/22/15 19:05	Barrow-in-Furness (UK/England)		Cylinder	10 minutes	I saw a large light with 2 smaller lights either side, it didn't move then it vanished as I walked towards what i saw it reappeared i r	3/6/15	I saw a large light with 2 smaller lights either side, it didn't move then it vanished as I walked towards what i saw it reappeared i rhenium saw and aircraft flying towards it and it then disappeared again, i took a photo but the camera only caught the larger light on the spacecraft.  This has unsettled me as I was a non believer
2/22/15 19:00	Easton	PA	Unknown	1min 30 sec	It moved backwards before it disappeared.	3/6/15	It moved backwards before it disappeared.The object was going south at a slow rate of speed.  It stopped came back north in a straight line for ten seconds or so and then disappeared.  It was too bright to see the shape when i looked at it with binoculars and it had no blinking lights, but it did seem to have a light shining upwards out the top.  It made no sound.
2/22/15 19:00	Keizer	OR	Light	~5 seconds	Keizer Rapids park I was looking up when a really bright blue light was flying by and disappeared shortly.	3/6/15	Keizer Rapids park I was looking up when a really bright blue light was flying by and disappeared shortly.I was with my friend while we were building a fire.  When something caught my eye and I looked east there was an object that looked like a meteorite but was flying very low about the altitude drones fly.  Anyways this isn't the first time I've experienced UFO related things from this park.  The energy seemed a little dark around me before this happened as in first time it happened about 2 years ago me and friend heard a loud gong (like breaking the sound barrier) over the water and something pulsated through both our body's that felt like energy but were not able to see anything.  This time I saw something flying.  It was during sunset both my experiences took place.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/22/15 18:14	Quincy	WA	Fireball	5 seconds	White fireball.	3/6/15	White fireball.At 6:14 tonight, I was driving south on highway 281 out of Quincy, Washington.  I noticed an extremely bright light plummeting toward earth at about a 30 degree angle.  Whilst driving I noticed that the object was white hot, or at least it seemed with a dark area in the middle of it.  It actually reminded me of the movie Empire Strikes Back when the probe droids are shot out of the Star Destroyer in the beginning of the movie. I thought for sure there would be a huge impact, but at the last second, the object leveled out so that it was horizontal to the skyline and just above the mountain range.  It then seemed to glow brighter and brighter then shot off towards the SW in the direction of Mount Rainier.  There was quite a few people pulled over on the side of the road I'm sure wondering if they might witness it again.
2/22/15 17:45	Philadelphia	PA	Light	20 minutes	3 fast moving objects falling towards the earth during sunset with separate trajectories.	3/6/15	3 fast moving objects falling towards the earth during sunset with separate trajectories.While driving from Cherry Hill, NJ, to Philadelphia, PA, at sunset we noticed the usual chemtrails but then we also noticed 3 objects traveling rapidly to the earth.  Each object had a small trail of smoke (different from chemtrails) that dissipated fairly quickly.  The three objects were very far away and it made it difficult to make out a shape.  We did notice each of the three had its own trajectory that appeared to originate from different locations but were traveling towards the horizon were the sun was setting.  They were traveling much faster than the usual plane in the sky.  The one closest to the horizon began to give off a spherical bright white light before it was not visible anymore.
2/22/15 17:35	Vancouver	WA	Triangle	5 minutes	Triangular red object in sky, going in straight line, then disappeared; 7 witnesses.	3/6/15	Triangular red object in sky, going in straight line, then disappeared; 7 witnesses.Outside with the kids playing. ..saw a bright red triangle object spiraling straight up, putting out trails, going in straight line, trails disappearing as fast as they were made. ...then it just vanished,reappeared ...then disappeared again for good.  No sound emitted, dead silent.  No lights flashing or constant.  No clouds in the sky...light out. ..very good view.  Definitely not an airplane.  I have a family member that was a pilot. ...no aircraft they ever saw looked like this or moved like this.
2/21/15 23:51	Phelps	NY	Oval	3 minutes	It was a quick experience and it was a light that was there and then it bolted off.	3/6/15	It was a quick experience and it was a light that was there and then it bolted off.Driving home from work and we saw a light in the sky and when we got closer to it, it was very low to the ground and doing circles.  We stopped the car and when it noticed we stopped it bolted off at abnormal speed, not like an airplanes or a jet.
2/21/15 23:00	Jennings	FL	Light	4 seconds	Blue streak of light going west to east above northern Florida.	3/6/15	Blue streak of light going west to east above northern Florida.I was traveling from Atlanta to Miami down I-75 when I saw a blue streak just above the clouds.  At first, I thought it was the moon, then I realized it was moving quickly west to east, and it disappeared after a couple of seconds.((NUFORC Note:  We assume that the witness intended a date in 2015, and we have amended the date above, to reflect that fact.  PD))
2/21/15 23:00	Bunnell	FL	Circle	30 seconds	Bright green light traveling slowly.	3/6/15	Bright green light traveling slowly.I was sitting at my desk and the only light was from my phone when the blinds lit up bright green.  I got up and looked out the window to see a bright green ball with a very large green hue surrounding it in the western sky traveling from the south to the north.  It was not traveling at a great speed but after about 30 seconds it disappeared over the tree line.  It was not shooting down, but actually flying over the tree line about a mile from me.  The sky was cloudy and very dark.  No sound was emitted or any bursts of light after it disappeared.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/21/15 20:30	Bozeman	MT	Light	10 minutes	I live about 7 miles west of Bozeman, Mt., and on the night of Feb. 21, 2015, I went outside to get some firewood.  It was a clear nigh	3/6/15	I live about 7 miles west of Bozeman, Mt., and on the night of Feb. 21, 2015, I went outside to get some firewood.  It was a clear night, and I often look at the sky, since I had several sightings in 1963 and have always hoped for another.I looked toward Bozeman (east), and I saw a single white light moving west to east, and I immediately thought that it was a satellite.  It was high and travelling fairly fast.  I kept watching it, and suddenly it made an "S" turn in the direction it was travelling, and then it stopped completely.  It was too high for a helicopter, and travelling too fast initially to be one.  I watched for about 10 minutes, and it didn't move.  It was cold out, and I didn't have a coat on, so I went inside to get one, and when I went back outside it was not there, or did not appear to be there.The objects we (several witnesses, several times) saw near Dillon, Montana, in 1963 were also single bright white lights, but they could make right angle turns without slowing and stopped on a dime also.
2/21/15 20:20	Edmonton (Canada)	AB	Formation	6 minutes	Formation of 3 orbs; lasted 6 minutes; over Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	3/6/15	Formation of 3 orbs lasted 6 minutes over Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.There was 3 orange orbs that proceeded to make a triangle formation.  It then proceeded to make a formation that was a line, it then disappeared.  Total time from start to finish is approx 6 min. Tried to film with an iPhone, didn't work.
2/21/15 20:05	Raymond	WA	Changing	3 minutes	Three bright orange circular shapes that formed into three triangle shapes.	3/6/15	Three bright orange circular shapes that formed into three triangle shapes.There were three, bright orange circles in the distance sky that were moving at a 45 degree angle.  They were moving in a straight line and then formed into three triangle forms.  After three minutes, they slowly faded away (disappeared).((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/21/15 19:30	Hollywood-Davie	FL	Sphere	3 mins	Glowing spheres moving from SE to NW (W Hollywood to Davie, FL) at different altitudes and into/across flight paths from FLL (Ft Lauder	3/6/15	Glowing spheres moving from SE to NW (W Hollywood to Davie, FL) at different altitudes and into/across flight paths from FLL (Ft LauderOn Saturday, February 21, 2015, at approximately 7:15 p.m., my son & I were talking at his car that was parked in my driveway when we saw glowing spheres moving from SE to NW – West Hollywood to Davie, Florida.  They were not close together but were going the same direction at different altitudes.  We assumed it was drones coming from the Hollywood Executive Airport at Pembroke Rd..  I was concerned that they would be in the flight paths of commercial planes because I live a few miles west of Fort Lauderdale International Airport.  I checked the news and haven’t found any reports.My son is 37 yrs old and lives in farm area on FL West Coast.  He said he had not seen anything like that before, but that they were probably drones.
2/21/15 19:30	Augusta	GA	Triangle	2-3 minutes	Black triangle with white lights at corners hovering over Furys Ferry Road in Augusta, Ga.	3/6/15	Black triangle with white lights at corners hovering over Furys Ferry Road in Augusta, Ga.Driving home from dinner with my wife and son, saw two bright white lights maybe 500 feet off the ground ahead of us.  I asked my wife what she thought and she said "new cell tower."  I said they normally had red lights not white and we continued to watch.  As we got underneath it, we could see it was a dark triangle with bright white lights at the corners and a small blinking red light in the middle.  It was hovering just over to the side of the road, not moving, not making any sound.  I slowed down and watched it, it seemed to be tilting as I watched.  There was a median so I couldnt turn around right away, came back at it from the other direction less than a minute later and it had sped off, quickly heading north, if I'm not mistaken.
2/21/15 18:25	Burke	VA	Flash	4 seconds	A flash in the sky that reflected off of the clouds, changing from a yellow to blue light followed by a pop.	3/6/15	There was a flash in the sky that reflected off of the clouds, changing from a yellow to blue light followed by a pop (similar to what you might hear after a firework).((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/21/15 17:30	Browns Summit	NC	Triangle	10 minutes	3 orange/red glowing lights in the shape of a triangle.	3/6/15	3 orange/red glowing lights in the shape of a triangle.About 935pm, I walked outside to let the dog out.  I looked up in the sky and saw 3 glowing red/orangish circles in a perfect triangle shape.  I tried to take a picture but my flash was on.  When I went to turn it off, a neighbor came pulling up fast.  He said "did you see that"!!!  The bottom right one disappeared very quickly going to the right.  It was like it flew right and quickly vanished.  During the confusing of us talking the others just kinda vanish.  After I came inside, needless to say, I was pretty shook up at what I had seen.  I immediately google what I saw and seen several pictures and logs of the exact thing I seen.  Pretty weird 1st time I've ever seen something like this before.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/21/15 07:15	DeBary	FL	Oval	2 minutes	Yellow oval object seen by two people in DeBary, Florida.	3/6/15	Yellow oval object seen by two people in DeBary, Florida.It was a large oval shaped object with flashing yellow & red lights moving from the east to north direction.  It was about 400-500 feet off the ground traveling much slower than a plain.  We first saw it to the right of some trees then it traveled behind them coming out the other side for  a few seconds, and then it was gone.
2/21/15 06:35	Deland	FL	Circle	1 minute	Saw craft slowly moving through the sky, then slowly disappeared.	3/6/15	Saw craft slowly moving through the sky, then slowly disappeared.
2/21/15 01:05	Sullivan	ME	Sphere	7-10 seconds	Spherical object, softball to basketball size, slow-moving, within 1000 feet, 3 witnesses saw it and heard it hit ground.	3/6/15	Spherical object, softball to basketball size, slow-moving, within 1000 feet, 3 witnesses saw it and heard it hit groundThree adult witnesses, a man and his wife, and another woman, were outdoors at their front step at 1:05 a.m. approximately.  The house is located in Sullivan, Maine.The sky was clear and air temperature was in the single digits F, with no wind.They heard a whooshing noise, and all looked up and saw a circular object (perfectly spherical), bright white, with a close halo of bright yellow flames, moving north to south, coming from over their house at an estimated altitude of probably more than 300 feet, and probably less than 1000 feet.The brightly lit object's luminance overpowered the stars or any planets which might have been visible directly overhead.It was moving slowly, approximately 50 to 100 mph estimated (this speed is slower than a typical small plane, though similar to a helicopter).  No "airplane" or "helicopter" sounds were heard.The object, having first appeared directly overhead over the house, as the three stood near the house, came in toward the ground to the south on a curving trajectory.  The three witnesses saw this object for 7 to 10 seconds.  One witness described the object as sized larger than his hand if he held his hand up to try to block out the view of the object in the sky.  His estimate of the actual size ranges from that of a softball to the size of a basketball, but no larger.The object did not appear to "maneuver" but it did make a "whump" as well as a loud "sizzle/pop" when it sounded as if hitting the deep snow-covered ground directly to the south of the house, and it must have landed in deep woods, not in an open field, so the actual impact at ground level was not visible to the witnesses.The male witness believed that due to the dense woods, the object's light would not be visible at ground level if the light had somehow continued shining rather than being snuffed out by the impact.  The male witness estimated that the object must have landed perhaps 200 feet to 500 feet from the house, in dense forest.  This location is at least 50 feet or 200 feet into the adjacent property to the south.Due to the fact that the landing area is owned by a large landowner who is extremely prohibitive of any trespassing, and does not welcome any foot traffic on his land whatsoever, the male witness does not believe he can get permission to enter the property to look for the landing site and the object, even though it may be within merely a few hundred feet of the house.All three witnesses have agreed they heard the object "whoosh" overhead, and all agreed they heard the object hit the snow-covered ground, with a "whump" sound and "popping" or "sizzling" sound.  The male witness was reminded of popcorn popping also when the object hit.  The "flames" or rays emanating from the object would only have been short, perhaps a few inches.  These "flames" were evenly distributed all around the perfectly round (spherical) object as it traveled overhead (the front flames were not swept backward).  The white central round area had no visible variations within it, but the object was presumed to be spherical.No media, police, FAA, or airports have been contacted as yet in regard to this sighting.  A proxy is used to report this to NUFORC, as the three actual witnesses have not agreed to report anything and have not agreed to identify themselves, at least not at this time.  If the proxy can get permission in future, it may be possible to provide identification of the three witnesses to this event.  (Flight radar systems may show some tracking of this object and need to be checked ASAP.)  This was a low-flying atmospheric object which could have been an extreme hazard to passenger or military aircraft.  Location of sighting is on the coast of the Gulf of Maine, directly south of Bangor International Airport, Bangor, Maine.No recovery or investigation on the adjoining property for this object has been initiated yet due to lack of permission from the property owner.  It is highly unlikely permission would be granted if asked.  If any future permission is gained and if a search is done, more information will be provided to NUFORC.
2/20/15 23:21	Deltona	FL	Fireball	a few seconds	Falling blue sphere.	3/6/15	Falling blue sphere.I was sitting facing the back opposite of my friends.  They were all talking and I happened to look up,  and at that moment, this bright deep blue and very defined sphere was falling very quickly from the sky, leaving a bright blue trail behind it.  It took me a second to register what I was seeing.  I thought maybe a falling star or meteor,  but I'd seen lots of those, and none of  them looked close to this.  By the time I realized this was a ufo and started to yell for my friends to turn around, it had fallen completely, and away from view.  We looked into it and searched for images  of lightning balls, meteors, limbs, etc., but nothing came even close to what I saw.  Very confused.
2/20/15 21:30	Columbia	SC	Circle	1 hour	Four circles of light spotted in the sky creating a 1 and 1/4 rotation before converging.  ((NUFORC Note:  Advertising light?  PD))	3/6/15	Four circles of light spottwd in the sky creating a 1 and 1/4 rotation before converging on a central point.Tonight at around 9:30 my mother called for me on the porch, she stated that there were some "strange lights".  Naturally I went out and there in the sky was 4 circles of light. They seemed to very carefully and precisely make a 1 and 1/4 loop before converging into a single mass at their center.  This behaviour continued for an hour or so before they just vanished.  At first we assumed that it had been spotlights but after investigation found no evidence of an origin for the lights on the ground.Even more shockingly after this incident I sent my footage to a friend who lives about 6 miles from me.  He in turn went outside and recorded the exact same light pattern I had.   Neither of us could figure out what was causing this as no origin could be seen coming from the ground.Both me and my friend are juniors in high-school.  I myself am color-blind to a degree.  I have never been one to jump to calling something a UFO but what I saw tonight was not normal at all.((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the witness was observing a rotating advertising light.  PD))
2/20/15 21:00	Cape Coral	FL	Teardrop	constant	Many white lights elongated with red light at lower end  Stationary in sky.	3/6/15	Many white lights elongated with red light at lower end  Stationary in sky.this was longer than it was wide. Many white lights encircled and Red light at the lower .part.    I have watched it for about an hour now and it stays generally in the same location in the sky.  I live in the south west part of Cape Coral Fl.  And  it was almost in line with RSW from my location.   My background is I am  86 yo and home builder and a developer  until I retired in 1985.  Some Building and remodeling  part time until  2000.  I have a private pilot License And IFR rating in single engine.  About  3000 hrs.  My Wife is same age and housewife, and we have been married 63 years.  We do not drink!
2/20/15 21:00	Seal Beach	CA	Chevron	0921	The chevron craft flew towards my sister and me, then stopped & stayed in one spot for 5 mins.  It would turn a strange bright green.	3/6/15	the chevron craft flew towards my sister and me then stoped a stayed in one spot for 5 mins and it would turn a strange bright green then turn a dark red.  we did not see it take off it was just gone.((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))
2/20/15 19:45	Anacortes	WA	Light	5 minutes	Very bright, greenish, light in the sky.  Exhibited non-aircraft behavior.	3/6/15	Very bright, greenish, light in the sky. Exhibited non-aircraft behavior.A bright object, greenish in color, approached overhead. Luminosity was comparable to a full moon.  An airplane started flying into the same patch of sky.  My wife and I observed the object come to a near stop to avoid the airplane, then change directory (90 degrees to the right and more than 90 degrees upward, into the atmosphere), and slowly disappear from view into clouds high in the sky.
2/20/15 19:30	Benicia	CA		1 hour and continuing	We seen a huge bright object in the sky which was located under the moon and slightly to the left.  ((NUFORC Note:  Venus?  PD))	3/6/15	What we seen was a huge bright object in the sky which was located under the moon and slightly to the left.  There was another object between the moon and the object in question, but it looked like a distant star.The object in question was very bright and as I was looking at it with binoculars, I could see it change by at the bottom of it formed a brighter spot and then the brighter spot separated from the main object and increased distance between them.  Then the two objects came back together.  Soon after that the moon and the object (s), rotated out of view.  Don't know what it was, but it was something for sure!((NUFORC Note:  Venus?  PD))
2/20/15 18:30	Danbury	CT	Rectangle	20 seconds	A group of neon-red lights blinking with white lights in the shape of a rectangle descending toward the horizon.	3/6/15	A group of neon-red lights blinking with white lights in the shape of a rectangle descending toward the horizon.I saw a group of extremely bright red lights in what looked like two rows - Approximately 10 lights in all.  The red lights were almost neon colored red and were blinking on and off with white lights.  The object looked to be rectangular with the short end of the rectangle to the horizon and the longer ends facing up; the whole thing being at approximately a 45 degree angle.  It was descending toward the horizon at a fairly rapid pace - thought not extremely fast.  The object was very far away, but still looked large.  I watched it descend until the tree-line obstructed the view.  Although the lights looked similar to aircraft lights, they were MUCH brighter, and a much more brilliant shade of red.  If it was an aircraft, I've never seen one with this many lights on it before.
2/20/15 12:30	Boise	ID	Triangle	5 minutes	I saw a huge bright triangular craft that had red lights on each end.  It slowly flew over me while i got out of my car.	3/6/15	I saw a huge bright triangular craft that had red lights on each end. It slowly flew over me while i got out oof my car
2/20/15 12:30	Deltona	FL	Sphere	2 minutes	There was a green light sphere that went across and down from the sky.	3/6/15	There was a green light sphere that went across and down from the sky.
2/19/15 23:30	Big Wells	TX	Cigar	30 seconds	Bright lights.	3/6/15	Bright lightsI’m an independent contract delivery driver.  I deliver blood for a blood bank in San Antonio and thoughout TX.  On February 19, 2015 I was delivering a box with of with blood from San Antonio to Carrizo Springs, Texas.  It was right about 23:30 and I was 5 miles west of Big Spring, TX, which is about 12 miles from Carrizo Springs, TX.  There was a 18 wheeler in front of me and this is a very rule  (sic.  Rural?) area.  About one mile in front of us, in the middle of the road about 150 feet up in the air.  (3) Lights just out of nowhere just appeared.  For just 3 seconds then they went out and then again the appeared just on and off.  The truck driver in front of me slowed down we did not stop we just slowed down.  Then again the lights came back on but this tine about 15 lights in a straight line across turned on for about 5 seconds.  The lights looked to be about (2) feet in diameter and where very bright.  And that’s all I saw there where no cranes, post or anything that could be holding any light up that high there was no noise.  It’s as if it wanted to be seen.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/19/15 23:00	St. Petersrburg	FL	Other	7 hours	6 Crafts Total.	2/20/15	6 Crafts Total.Looking out at the sky I saw before me two stars that seemed to be moving but the I saw the lights changes and one of the crafts seemed to be following the dimmer one ahead of it.  To the left of those two were two other crafts doing the same thing separated but following.  It seemed as if between them mind you the were far apart, there seemed to be blue flashing lights with star qualities and they would pop up in different spots.  I was making signals with my phone flash sos and I noticed them coming closer to my direction then before.  Now it being around the time I stopped seeing them last they didn't go away as quickly and two star like ships bolted through the sky and hovered over where I was standing smoking, it persisted to stay there even with the sun rise coming up and then it was gone.
2/19/15 21:00	Reno	NV	Rectangle	25 seconds	The lights where red 3 seperate strips within the craft that where blinking.The craft was west in the sky at the 10 oclock position hov	2/20/15	The lights where red 3 seperate strips within the craft that where blinking.  The craft was west in the sky at the 10 oclock position hovering not moving, then suddenly dropped in a swift movement unlike a helicopter.  Then hovered, then slowly dropping then darted left at a 45 degree downward angle then stopped quickly, the movement this was making where almost jerky very quick manuvers it excelerated and stopped very percisely.  The lights where to large to be position lights on a plane or helicopter, it came to a sudden stop then dropped while exelerating down toward the ground it appeared as if it was going to crash i could not see the lights it was moving to quickly behind the trees. This was not like anything ive ever saw I was a aircraft mechanic in the USAF on the SR-71 and 33 dept of defence aircraft and nothing moved like this.
2/19/15 19:00	South Bend	IN	Light	30 seconds	Four lights in a staright line hovering in a stationary position.	2/20/15	Four lights in a stright line hovering in a stationary position.My family and I were driving east on Douglas Rd. just before Grape Road in South Bend, near Mishawaka.  It was snowing and very cold and windy.  About 1/2 mile before Grape Rd. I saw 4 white lights in a straight line in the sky just to my right (south).  At first I figured it was an airplane heading to the airport, but then I realized the lights weren't moving--they were just staying in one place.  I pointed it out to my wife and kids and they all saw it too.  We couldn't figure out what it was.  As we got near it, it finally began to move to the west in a straight line.  It was definitely not a helicopter because the lights didn't match any that I know of, and I put my window down and didn't hear anything.  The only thing we could guess it might be was a drone, but for a drone to be flying in that kind of weather just doesn't make sense.  It was probably 200 yards or so off the ground.  I didn't see any sort of the "typical" saucer shape, nor did it fly off at incredible speeds, but we couldn't identify it, therefore to us it remains a ufo, and I wanted to report it for what it's worth.
2/19/15 13:00	Winnipeg (near) (Canada)	MB	Circle	ongoing	I talked to Peter about a downed craft in Manitoba, Canada. He wanted to know where he could find this report. He can find this report	3/6/15	I talked to Peter about a downed craft in Manitoba, Canada.  He wanted to know where he could find this report.  He can find this report on the Thirdphasemoon you tube channel.
2/19/15 13:00	Winnipeg (near)(Canada)	MB	Circle	Ongoing	A UFO crashed near Jackhead First Nation on Lake Manitoba, Manitoba, Canada, yesterday.  The Canadian military are involved.	2/20/15	A ufo crashed near Jackhead First Nation on Lake Manitoba, Manitoba, Canada, yesterday.  The Canadian military are involved.  Locals were told not to take pictures.
2/19/15 11:55	Arlington	OR	Disk	12 seconds	I clearly witnessed a UFO sighting for 12+ seconds on the Columbia River near Arlington, OR on 02/19/15.	2/20/15	I clearly witnessed a UFO sighting for 12+ seconds on the Columbia River near Arlington, OR on 02/19/15.On Thursday, February 19, 2015 I was driving from Kennewick, WA to Vancouver, WA on the Oregon Interstate 84 West that runs along the Columbia River.  At 11:55 a.m., I was approximately 1/4 mile from the green Gilliam Co. road sign.  The weather was clear with some sun and high white and dark rolling clouds.A train came up along side of me on the raised tracks to the north of the Interstate.  On the north side of the train track, setting lower, is the Columbia River bed and river.  I looked over at the train as it passed me, wondering how fast it was traveling as I was driving approximately 68-69 m.p.h..  I noticed the back few train cars were flat trailers, faded pinkish in color, with some flat product wrapped in white and bright yellow plastic, and a little bit of the plastic was flapping in the wind.  I did not notice any other cars around me on the Interstate at the time.As the train got approximately three car lengths ahead of me, I heard a very loud rumble. The sound was not like a train track sound, but more like a very close jet rumble.  I had my two front car windows, and my back passenger window, down approximately 3" each, because of the outside mild temperatures.  I was shocked by the sound and was trying to figure out why I was hearing, what I thought must have been the train sound, even though I knew it sounded odd, after it had already passed me.I glanced back at the train to the left and caught something out of the corner of my eye to the right that made a downward fishhook motion from above the river water, as if it had descended and leveled.  I looked directly out my passenger window and parallel with me was a small domed craft, what appeared to be hovering, but it also stayed parallel with me as I continued to drive.  It was approximately 10-15 feet above the Columbia River water, well below the Interstate and train track.  There were no boats in the water and this was an obvious aircraft with an obvious shape, above the water.  I glanced back again at the last train car that was now ahead of me on the track and back to the craft for size comparison, and the craft appeared to be slightly larger than half a train car.The craft shape was slightly domed on top and was symmetrical. It appeared to be directly facing me as it stayed parallel with me.  On the end of the dome, on the left and right, were small extensions that looked like downward wing tips.  The underbelly was slightly domed, but not as much as the top part.  In the center of the side wall facing me, was a smooth small protruding cone, or rounded tip of some kind, with a perfect black circle on the end.  Above this cone, was a shape that resembled a bell dome, or what came to mind at the time was the shape of a WWII German soldier hard hat, with a slight curl on the end and small brim at the top.  The center of the bell looked flat, which looked like a cockpit window of sorts, but there was no glass reflection or difference in color from the rest of the craft.  The overall color was a dry flat blended, almost swirled, grayish green, very similar in color to that of the river, but the river was shiny and glossy, and this was an obviou! s flat color, and again, obviously shaped and raised above the water.This entire event was only a matter of seconds, approximately 12, but felt slow motion at the same time as I couldn't believe what I was seeing.The craft, while appearing to stay even with me while I continued to drive, and the train out of immediate view now, made a 1/4 slow even circular turn to the right and paused for a second.  As it did this, I did not see the profile of the cone or brim that was on the front. It appeared a smooth, almost fluid, transition.  There were no shapes or markings on this side, only the same grayish green color.  The craft then very quickly made a 3/4 right turn, bringing it full circle, and it shot upward, heading northwest toward the Washington side of the Columbia River, in a steep, just slightly angled, climb, well above the mountain on the Washington side of the river.  As it made its final turn before heading upward, I heard a loud brief swoosh sound.The craft appeared to turn black once it moved away from the water. In a matter of 2-3 seconds, it disappeared in to the white rolling clouds above.  There were no visible lights on the craft, no jet trail, no heat or fume waves visible.  Nothing.I drove to the next small town of Arlington, OR, and pulled in to their park.  My heart was racing and I felt nauseous.  I think I was in shock from what I had just seen.  I texted my immediate family members and told them what had happened at 12:20 p.m.  At 1:17 p.m., I sketched a picture of what I saw.To my credibility, I am a ((50's)) year old mother, and grandmother who holds a ((deleted)) Degree in ((deleted--arts and sciences)), and two ((deleted)) Degrees with ((deleted--honors)).  I have never experienced anything like this before, but I can not refute what I saw today.
2/19/15 10:00	Hull	MA	Triangle	10:00-11:00	Use with camera phone , cuz human eye couldn't pick up! Saw floating green orb wich would move from position of the sun twords earth	2/20/15	Use with camera phone , cuz human eye couldn't pick up ! Saw floating green orb wich would move from position of the sun twords earth  , have couple pics that seems like mother ship near sun let's orb goes to earth ! Wish could show pics but won't let me((NUFORC Note:  Witness does not indicate a date or a time for the alleged sighting.  PD))
2/19/15 09:40	Walburg	TX	Cigar	1 minute	Two bright shiny white cylindrical cigar-shaped objects rounded nose and tails.	2/20/15	Two bright shiny white cylindrical cigar-shaped objects rounded nose and tailsMy wife and I were driving north on Interstate 35 between Austin and Dallas this morning. The weather this morning was beautiful.  Light wispy clouds.  Blue skies.  54 degrees.  No rain. Just perfect weather.  The highway was dry—I was driving 75/80 MPH.  I estimate there were 30-40 vehicles on the road in front of us.  I first noticed these two objects at approximately 9:45 a.m.  We were just north of Georgetown, Texas, and we had just passed Exit 268.  We exited the highway a few minutes later at Exit 275—stopping at the Flying J Travel Plaza to get gas.  The time stamp on the gas receipt is 9:55.  The two cigar shaped objects crossed the highway in front of us at an elevation of approximately 1000 feet.  They were perfectly in-line with one another—approximately 3000 feet apart.  It’s like they were flying on a stretched out wire—perfectly in-line with one another.  They were identical in size, shape, and color.  The shape and color of these two objects was contrasted against the blue sky.  They were shiny—a bright white.  There were no discernable wings, tails, landing gear, propellers, jet engines, windows, or lights.  They were two cylindrical cigar-shaped objects with rounded nose and tails.  I believe the objects were approximately two-three miles ahead of us when I first saw them.  They crossed above the highway traveling east.  They were in my field of view for 5-seconds and traveling very high rate of speed.  I pointed and asked my wife to look out her passenger window to see if she could see what I was watching.  She watched the two objects for another approximate 20 seconds until the topography to the east blocked the view.  She says the objects did not alter their course, configuration, elevation, speed—remaining quickly traveling to east at a high rate of speed until they were no longer visible from our vantage point.
2/18/15 23:45	Helotes	TX	Chevron	4-5 seconds	Translucent white in color and bird shape.	2/20/15	Translucent white in color and bird shapeI had been out star gazing for a couple of hours since we have a clear sky tonight (2-18-2015).  I had been utilizing an Iphone app (Sky View) to track stars, planets, etc.  I was just hoping to see a shooting star, the space station, or even a satellite.  At about 11:45 PM, I saw what looked like a large bird gliding.  In size, it looked like a crane or flamingo might look like but, at an altitude that a hawk is at while seeking prey, (150 ft).  It was translucent white in color and moved from the lighter part of the sky (where the city is at) towards the darker part (away from the city and towards the country).  Maybe lasted about 4 seconds and as I tried to focus on the object it disappeared.  The wings never moved and it did not make any sounds. I should have been able to see it clearer since it was moving towards the darker sky.
2/18/15 23:00	Cannock (UK/England)		Egg	3 minutes	Flying Egg over Morrisons Cannock!!	2/20/15	Flying Egg over Morrisons Cannock!!Flying blue egg appeared and slowly flew over Morrisons.((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no contact information, so we are unable to request a more-detailed report.  We have changed the time of the sighting, to reflect a nighttime sighting.  PD))
2/18/15 22:30	Homestead	FL	Circle	15 minutes	It was bright yellow and I have seen it for 8 day's straight.	2/20/15	It was bright yellow and I have seen it for 8 day's straight.((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of a celestial body?  PD))
2/18/15 22:20	Short Pump	VA	Triangle	10 seconds	Triangular shaped white light formation over short pump va at 10:20 pm. Heading west to east. Flying onlY a few hundred feet up and tot	2/20/15	Triangular shaped white light formation over short pump va at 10:20 pm.  Heading west to east.  Flying onlY a few hundred feet up and totally silent.  It appeared one light was out on the southern side in the middle of the triangle lights so the formation was not symmetrical.
2/18/15 22:19	Robbinsville	NJ	Other	5 seconds	Looked like trails of white fire against blue sky, disappeared before my eyes, by mercer county college	2/20/15	Looked like trails of white fire against blue sky, disappeared before my eyes, by Mercer County College.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/18/15 21:28	Parksville	BC	Light	5 minutes	3 lights over Parksville, BC.	2/20/15	3 lights over Parksville, BCI was staying at the Beach Club Resort Hotel in Parksville, BC, Canada, my room was on the 5th floor overlooking the Strait of Georgia, toward Lasqueti Island.  While closing the curtains to my hotel room, I noticed a large orange/yellow light, slowly growing in size and intensity as it came toward me from the North.The object then slowly moved West and then two more lights started to grow and increase in intensity from the same direction as the first.  As they transited to the West, they did not gain one the first light which had started to travel away from me as the size and intensity decreased until it was no longer discernable from the few stars that were visible.  After a few minutes the remaining two also started to travel away from me in the same manner as the first until they too were just points of light.At no time during this sighting was there any sound, or rapid jumping or movement by these objects, just a slow steady transit while changing from orange, yellow and red with no apparent change in shape.((NUFORC Note:  We know the witness from his prior report, and we consider him to be highly reliable.  PD
2/18/15 21:00	Hopelawn	NJ	Formation	3 minutes	Green & red lights spinning, moving and flashing.  ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the object might have been a star.  PD))	2/20/15	Green & red lights spinning, moving and flashingWhen I noticed it was a solid green light then it turned red.  Then it moved forward, then upward while turning green again, when it moved left it starting turning green & red, then it started spinning but it had 5 five lights on each side (while vertical).  On one side it was green on the other side it was red, as it was spinning it started flashing.  It began to move left then right, it stopped flashing, then it was green and red on each side while spinning motionless.  As it stared going back up the 5 lights became all red, it stopped for short moment then it disappeared.  This is not the first time that this as occurred, the last time about a month ago me, my girlfriend, and her daughter seen it around the same area.((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the object might have been a star, although the witness believes that it was not a star.  PD))
2/18/15 19:21	Phoenix	AZ	Fireball	5-10 minutes	Second time reporting this siting-Two orange/yellow glowing round objects to the west of South Mountain's radio towers.	2/20/15	Second time reporting this siting-Two orange/yellow glowing round objects to the west of South Mountain's radio towers.Second time reporting this siting - saw similar objects before.  Two orange/yellow glowing round objects to the west of South Mountain's radio towers.  The objects did not move - there was distance between them.  The one on the left faded away and then moments later the one on the right faded away.  We spotted these from the top of Squaw Peak.
2/18/15 18:25	Sparks	NV	Changing	24 minutes	Morphing unidentified sky-object seen East of Sparks, NV, the evening of 2-18-15.	3/6/15	Morphing unidentified sky-object seen East of Sparks, NV, the evening of 2-18-15.At 6:30PM on 2-18-15 I saw what I believe was a large UFO, perhaps 8-10 miles east of Sparks, as I was driving home from a store.  There are no homes or businesses or lights in that area, as it is rather in the midst of foothills\mountains.  When I got home I unpacked the car and noticed the rather brilliant light was still in the (clear, cloudless) sky so I grabbed my HX300 20MP camera.Setting was on low light, sharp shoot, which reduces blur and noise automatically.  The camera has a built-in anti-shake function and a zoom of 50x, optical.  The photo’s were taken consecutively but with minor pause between frames as I rest my elbows on the hood of a car.The object was witnessed by another person up until just before the last shot at which point thereafter the object simply blacked out.  Having directly worked with many military and aviation designs, the key matter to me was the fact that there were no strobes or flashing lights about the object – strongly suggesting the object was not a standard military, private, or commercial type of aircraft.Through the lense, the object initially appears as a disc shape, then begins a morphing transition over time which resulted in observations unlike anything I’ve ever witnessed in the past.
2/18/15 18:15	Orlando	FL	Unknown	8 minutes	Bright orb seen in western sky.  Light dimmed at times.  Object did not move.	2/20/15	Bright orb seen in western sky.  Light dimmed at times.  Object did not move.We noticed a bright orb in the west.  It did not move.  We watched it for over 10 minutes.  It was round, and the light dimmed at times, but then came back.  This was not a star or planet.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/18/15 18:00	Reno/Sun Valley	NV	Light	30 minutes	Very large, bright white light with smaller bluish green and red lights	2/20/15	Very large, bright white light with smaller bluish green and red lightsTo the west of Sun Valley, there was one very large bright white light, and two smaller bluish-green light and red lights toward the bottom right of the white light.  They were extremely high in the sky (from my perspective).  At one point while I was watching I also noticed a red light high above the large white light, like the smaller ones below.  They never moved for at least 30 minutes.  I was on the phone with my daughter, who was on the Reno side, about 10 miles to the west of me, and she was seeing the exact same thing.  But she said she was closer to being underneath them. I went into the house for a short time, and when I came back out they were gone.
2/18/15 12:13	Tempe	AZ	Teardrop	3 minutes	Out smoking a  cigarette  when we noticed the craft hovering without sound across the sky and out of sight	2/20/15	Out smoking a  cigarette  when we noticed the craft hovering without sound across the sky and out of sight.
2/18/15 01:30	Frost	TX	Light	3 hours	Assom ((sic.  "Awesome")) i want 2 drive.	2/20/15	Assom i want 2 driveStanding in back yard saw a singel light fall at a 45 degree angel searate in 2 3 glowing lights all in difrent ways whel changing colers
2/18/15 00:08	Tempe	AZ	Teardrop	4 minutes	We were out smoking a cigarette when we saw this craft cover across the sky It did not have a sound but it had a vibration.	2/20/15	We were out smoking a cigarette when we saw this craft cover across the sky.  It did not have a sound but it had a vibration kind of like a base with red lights all over it.((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  Possible helicopter??  PD))
2/18/15 00:00	Jackhead Reserve (Canada)	MB			((REPORT NOT ACCURATE))  UFO crashes on lake near reserve.  Military on site almost immediately and take control of 'situation'.	3/6/15	UFO crashes on lake near reserve.  Military on site almost immediately and take control of 'situation'UFO crashed on lake near reserve.  Military was there almost immediately and took control of situation . Manhandled  witnesses ,took away cameras etc.Info reported on eCanada Now  Feb 24 under CURIOSITY heading  .http://www.ecanadanow.com/images/logo.pnghttp://www.ecanadanow.com/imagehttp  Sorry  I don't know how to send link.  I heard report on CBC radio but 1st details on radio came from military rep and he said it was just their exercises.((NUFORC Note:  Dr. Chris Rutkowski, well-known Canadian ufologist, has reported that there is no merit to this report.  Also, Jan Harzan, International Director of the Mutual UFO Network, activated investigation of the alleged incident, and their investigators decided that there was no merit to the report.  The date of the alleged incident we believe was February 18, and we have amended the date above.  PD))
2/17/15 23:30	Somerset	PA	Formation	20 minutes	Extremely bright lights on an object over 100 meters in length, seen hovering over Somerset, PA.	2/20/15	Extremely bright lights on an object over 100 meters in length, seen hovering over Somerset, PA.Driving down PA turnpike a large object was spotted approximately 100-200 meters in length, hovering over the northern side of the highway.  The object then took off moving west until it was out of sight, and only glow of lights could be seen.
2/17/15 21:00	Albuquerque	NM	Triangle	1 minute	Plane chasing dull, dim triangle object.	2/20/15	Plane chasing dull, dim triangle objectWhile traveling east, a plane was spotted chasing a dim object with lights forming a Triangle shape.  It was going opposite to my direction, disappeared quickly.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/17/15 20:33	Kent	WA	Circle	0.5 seconds	It looked like a red meteorite.  It was traveling northwest to south east, gaining altitude.	2/20/15	It looked like a red meteorite.  It was traveling northwest to south east, gaining altitude.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/17/15 20:30	Maple Ridge (Canada)	BC	Light	10 minutes	Two Bright Orange Lights in Evening Sky.	2/20/15	Two Bright Orange Lights in Evening SkyAround 8:30 pm Wednesdy evening, looking south-southeast, my wife noticed two bright orange objects moving slowly from east to west approximately 1 to 2 miles away from her at an approximate altitude of 2500 feet.  She called me to come and see what I could make of it and my two children aged 11 and 14 also came outside to witness the objects.  When I arrived outside one of the orange lights had suddenly just disappeared whereas the one remaining orange light slowly moved east and then very slowly faded away.  There were several (3) low flying aircraft also in the area during this event (Cessna variety), and at one point my wife stated that the two objects looked like they were attempting to follow the aircraft.  I had suggested that the two objects could have been homemade Chinese lanterns, as it is close to the Chinese New Year, but to be honest they did seem to be very strange.  Also while out walking with a neighbour today, my wife says that the neighbour saw the same lights, and that she does not think they were "chinese lanterns."  Anyhow thought I would post what we saw and see if anyone else had the same experience.
2/17/15 20:05	Franklin	IN	Triangle	4-5 minutes	Triangle hovered low for several minutes and went nne slowly and silently.	3/6/15	triangle hovered low for several minutes and went nne slowly and silently.   --Lat, long,-- (39.536510, -86.077044) --GPS coordinates-- 39° 32' 11.4360'' N86° 4' 37.3584'' W  I was working delivering pizzas on February 17th, 2015 and it was about 8:05pm. We had several inches of fresh snow and it was still overcast, no stars or moon. I was pulling up to a red light (A) on US-31 at the Franklin/Whiteland town line, central Indiana, USA.  I was the only car at the intersection.  I was pulling up to the light, facing east and i noticed two lights right behind the tree tops off to my 1 o'clock, they didn't seem to be moving but i didn't think twice about it because sometimes planes seem to be standing still from the right angle.  I came to stop, checked it was clear and saw the two lights, white, steady on, still hadn't moved.  And i noticed they were pretty far apart, roughly a city block and tilted down to the (my) right maybe 20°.  I'm guessing ¼mi to ½mi. away(B).  I turned right on the red light, eyes now glued to the lights looking for distinction.  As i moved south down US-31 a third light came in to view to the right of the first two.  Nearly the same! distance apart it appeared, it was also white but flashed red at a little faster than once per second.  I drove nearly a quarter mile, under the speed limit, rolling down the window, turning off the music and heat, and staring.  I pulled over (C) realizing how unsafe i was being, silently watching, as it remained static, pitched, for around two full minutes.  At this point i had still not heard any noises that wasn't one of the ten cars that passed me the entire time or my jaw hitting the road outside.  After the approximate two minutes of watching three lights and hearing no sounds the aircraft leveled off allowing me to see the two white lights move together and reveal there was no further leading parts of the aircraft ahead of those points.  Straight across that edge.  After leveling it continued to pitch, this time to the NNW at maybe 10° and began moving, blunt edge first, in that direction.  I saw it start moving and threw my car into gear and zipped to the next pass thru in! the median watching it the best i could.  Still almost no traf! fic i wa s able to get going north bound before it got far.  It didn't leave quickly, just suddenly.  I'm having trouble estimating it's speed, it seemed to triple mine at the least, but not shockingly fast, no bright flash or anything.  I got turned around and up to 60mph+ and was looking at the tailing end of it. The craft never ascended or descended.  Remained just a few hundred feet off of the ground. I never saw any other lights, or heard any sounds.  Even though i was able to watch it from two different positions I never got a glimpse of its silhouette, just the shape of the three lights and the angle change when it pitched forward at the "front" before it left.  I followed the best I could, maybe 30 seconds watching the two steady white lights at the sides, and the white light flashing red centered right in between them, until it again faded behind the tree tops a few miles ahead of me in straight line(D).  I saw no other planes helicopters or crafts any time before or after.
2/17/15 19:45	Jackson Heights	NY	Sphere	5 minutes	Bright yellow sphere moving from west to east, then hovering and after some sharp left and right turns dissapearing behind a cloud	2/20/15	Bright yellow sphere moving from west to east, then hovering and after some sharp left and right turns disappearing behind a cloud.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/17/15 19:30	Gallipolis	OH	Formation	2 minutes	A white light releasing two smaller white lights fly in a triangular formation while either being escorted or chased by 2 small planes.	2/20/15	A white light releasing two smaller white lights fly in a triangular formation, while either being escorted, or chased, by 2 small planes.I saw two airplanes following and keeping up with a large white ball of light.  A few seconds later the white light released two more smaller white lights.  One of the smaller lights flew above and one flew below when they were "released."  It looked like a triangle shaped formation with the original light slightly ahead. They all flew about the same speed. I heard the sound of the two planes.  I watched until I couldn't see them anymore.I was at home standing with my door open when I saw this.  What caught my eye in the first place were the two planes flying side by side, which does happen from time to time but usually during the day.  And these planes did not sound like jets either, much more quiet.  They all flew approx at an altitude of a Cessna.  I was pointed West and the crafts were moving from South to North.
2/17/15 19:20	Skamokawa	WA	Sphere	35 minutes	Huge white lighted UFO Spotted Over The Lower Columbia River.	2/20/15	Huge White Lighted UFO Spotted Over The Lower Columbia RiverAt approximately 7:20 pm, I was driver on HWY S-4 from Skamokawa to Cathlamet to and notice a Huge White lighted UFO above the Columbia River adjacent to the Julia Butler Hansen Wildlife Refuge.  I pulled over on the Highway shoulder and watched it.  I notice it was traveling West, or downriver.  I immediately drove back the direction I came to Skamokawa Vista Park to get a better view of it.  It was then going towards Jim Crow Mountain/ Jim Crow Point, which sticks out in the Lower Columbia.  It stayed there many minutes. It was about 200 ft high, and the main object was about '75 ft. in diameter.  It was round White light--so bright it lit up the Columbia river from its glow!  I looked through binoculars at it.  It was changing shape.  With the naked eye it sometimes went to a dull orange color.  It was absolutely silent.  There were other lights flying around short after it disappeared (at 7:55 pm) far down river and Jim Crow Pt obscured it.  The other lights were blinking red and white. and smaller.  You'd think that these were maybe airplanes, BUT when looking at them in binocs they have several other multi colored lights blinking on them also!  These other lights were going more North and South and going back over the woods of Wahkiakum County.This is very rural area.  Not many people outside...or seem to look in the air. Maybe they think these are planes!  They are not!  They are silent.  And move very slow.Years ago I read of Police reports in the local paper of residents up East Valley, Skamokawa reporting UFOS right down LOW by their property!  I grew up in this small town, and over the years have observed many UFOs of various colors and sizes fly around and go back into the woods of the Willapa Hills.  This area is way downriver from Portland.  It would be hard to imagine them being from the Portland airport some 80 miles away.  I have seen Huge Green Lights. Huge White Lights.  Multi-Colored lights fly back over these hills.  Last late September 2014, approx. the 28th I saw one fly right over the town of Skamokawa going North up towards East Valley, maybe 300 ft up, it had all different colored lights blinking on it, absolutely silent!!  In binoculars I could see it was like a 28 ft size Black Triangle.It seems a lot of people just don't look up!  These are there if people would just take the time and go outside at night for 3-4 hours after first dark on clear nights.On Jan. 15, 2015, it was slightly cloudly and foggy, and I saw a Huge Round Green Light about as big as a house descend straight down across the river on the Oregon side into those forested hills. Its was fast, but not as fast as a meteor.  As you could tell it was controlled.  It went "straight" down.
2/17/15 18:00	Newtown	ND	Light	20 minutes	This was seen by my family.  I just got word over facebook about what was going on.  brother former cop and also one other witness.	3/6/15	This was seen by my family.  I just got word over facebook about what was going on. brother former cop and also one other witness.  I live about a hour and half northeast of event.  I'm about fifty five miles south of  Canadian border.  Seen three different videos of strange light witch seemed to hover in one video but also light changing.  these videos were taken off of cell phones so there not the best. another video was chasing it but not able to catch it.  it then takes of from right to left then vanishes.  I cant give family members names because I haven't got permission.  just believe it has something to do with Manitoba crash.  only about nine and a half hours away from it.  was not able to upload videos but have them on facebook and youtube.  under my channel dominic sartwell 13.  lots of people said link was broken and also a day after trying to send videos to media my real cloud was hacked and also Microsoft account was hacked.  found this to be strange.  i well email you videos I took bye recording them from lab top bye using phone.  I do have one original video.
2/17/15 10:19	Jefferson	ME	Other	5 minutes	gray and black acorn shaped object with antennae, dark spots, and lighter square in Jefferson, Maine.	3/6/15	Gray and black acorn shaped object with antennae, dark spots, and lighter square in Jefferson, MaineDear Peter; On 02/17/15 @ 10:19 a.m., I was driving on the East Pond Rd. in Jefferson, Maine, watching a “sundog” and wondering why a sundog was in the sky so early in the day.  I stopped by the roadside to take a picture of it, and when I looked at the picture on my tracfone, I discovered this curious item up in the top left of the picture.  I did not see it at the time that I took the picture.It is an acorn shaped object, without the cap, and if you look closely you can see two short antennae sticking out the right hand side of the object, as well as a couple of dark spots on the front right, and a square light spot on the front left of the object.Unfortunately, no one was with me at the time, but I can assure you that this is not dust, snow, or water on the lens.I am going to email this picture to you, I find this to be rather curious, and I hope it helps you, if you find it worth noting.I’m sure this sounds bizarre, but I will note that I have been watching a very old house below where this picture was taken.  Every time I drive by, something seems different about the windows, curtains, and old stuff inside, which is partly visible from the road.  I had just mentioned to my grandson that I was considering that the house was either haunted or that somehow someone was inside even though there are no footprints or snow plow action around the house.  It probably has nothing to do with anything, but I thought you might be interested.Thank you for all you do.((NUFORC Note:  We have looked at the photo, and our impression is that the object probably is not a genuine UFO.  Our first impression was that the object was a water droplet, given that it appears to be transparent.  We do not know what the object was.  PD))
2/17/15 08:00	Danville	NH	Triangle	3 minutes	Low Triangle shaped ufo with three white lights, disapeared then reappeared in same spot first noticed	2/20/15	Low Triangle shaped ufo with three white lights, disapeared then reappeared in same spot first noticedComing home on back roads my friend and I spotted a strange bright white light from the distance.  The closer it came we noticed 3 white lights and a small red  light were on the ufo shaped like a triangle.  I was driving, but my friend noticed faint lights connecting all three triangles.  We stopped the car curiously as it flew over, soon after my friend watched it disappear into thin air.  It was cloudy tonight,not being able to see stars or any other planes, so it had to be low.  A minute after it disappeared it reappeared where we first saw it. Then after that we lost it.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/17/15 06:07	St. Petersburg	FL	Circle	1 second	Orange ball, flash.	2/20/15	Orange ball, flash,Orange balls flew up from the ground and into the clouds literally in a blink of and eye.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/17/15 06:00	River Denys (Canada)	NS		1 minute	Bright round light drifted straight down from the sky.	2/20/15	Bright round light drifted straight down from the sky.I do not know that this was a craft.  However it was a UFO in the sense that it was in the sky before dawn and drifted downwards.  I was up using the bathroom and returned to my bed.  I have very large windows across the front of my home.  My husband and I live in a very rural area, often referred to as the bush because the forest is so dense.  I was adjusting myself in bed when I saw out my window a bright white light, orb shape, that seemed very controlled in its descent.  Not a streak across the sky, but a round white light that drifted straight down.  It appeared in my windows size frame as a softball shape and sife, but I could not tell the distance of it, or the correct size.  The odd thing is that it came straight down.  There are mountains in front of my home a mile away or so, and it had to be in front of the mountains.  I did not see any trails of light or any aura around the bright orb.  It also drifted down, not a fast descent, but one that seeme! d controlled.  It was not a plane, and was not like anything I could identify.
2/16/15 22:30	Mt. Shasta (above)	CA	Unknown	1 minute	White lights hovering and then dimming in sequence	2/20/15	White lights hovering and then dimming in sequenceI am an airline captain.  My co-pilot and I were on our way from LAX-PDX at FL 380 and we were in the Mt. Shasta area.  It was a smooth flight and very little ATC communications were going on.  We decided to look out and up at the night sky for falling stars and or satellites passing over head.  We were heading about 310 degrees and to our 2 o'clock high, maybe 50 degrees up from the horizon I noticed 2 brighter than normal stars and mentioned to my co-pilot that I didn't remember ever seeing those 2 stars that were brighter than the surrounding stars in the background.  The 2 lights were approximately an inch apart in the windscreen and the size if normal stars. Just as I said that one of the "stars" just dimmed out over about a 10 second time span followed by the other one dimming out completely in about 10 seconds also.  The stars, now obviously lights we not in motion, they were not satellites and were not falling stars.  They were as stationary as th! e stars in the background.  We were flying in crystal clear skies and were not flying though any clouds whatsoever.  These 2 lights were not following the typical west to east orbital path as most satellites do and were just sitting there kind of like ships hiding in plain sight. The altitude of the lights appeared to be outside of the atmosphere.  We were flying at 38,000, approximately 7 miles up and these were at least 100,000 feet up.  The thing was they were extremely bright and not moving.  Mankind does not have craft that can fly at that altitude and not be moving.((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the witness, and airline captain, and he sounded to us to be quite sober-minded, and quite serious about his report.  PD))
2/16/15 21:00	Greenback	TN	Light	2 minutes	Saw lots of colored lights	2/20/15	Saw lots of colored lights.We where out side looking at the ice and watched for about 3 min before I grabbed my video recorder.
2/16/15 17:44	Mt. Hood (Parkdale)	OR	Other	unknown	White multi-sided shape leaves trail over Mt. Hood wilderness, appears to be falling.	2/20/15	White multi-sided shape leaves trail over Mt. Hood wilderness, appears to be falling.I was taking pictures of the sunset.  When I downloaded the pictures was when I saw the object.  I took many pictures in succession and it was not in the others.  The object was reflecting the setting sun.  Seemed to have a main body with appendages.  It appeared to be falling as it left a trail of some kind.  There was one and it was white because of the reflection of the sun.  I feel much of it was shaded.  Some say it looks like and airplane but because the trail it left and the direction it was going that would have been very unusual.  I have been a skywatcher all my life as my Dad was a pilot and was always teaching me how to identify aircraft from the ground.  I have a college education and am married with two adult kids and a grandchild.
2/16/15 02:45	Tomahawk	WV	Egg	10 seconds	The UFO was egg like shaped. I saw 3 of them and each were different colors. The colors were red, blue and green. Hovered maybe about 5	2/20/15	The UFO was egg like shaped.  I saw 3 of them and each were different colors. The colors were red, blue and green.  Hovered maybe about 500 feet off the ground and I doubt anyone else saw it because it moved kinda fast.  I have seen these for 3 nights now.  Each had a white haze around it.  And only one of them had headlights which were extremely dim.  They also made a soft humming noise.  My two dogs were outside and barked at them like crazy and my outdoor light stopped working for a few minutes.
2/15/15 22:00	Marina del Rey	CA	Light	10 minutes	Green light hovering in air.	2/20/15	Green light hovering in air.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/15/15 21:50	Ft. Lauderdale	FL	Sphere	1 minute	Floating red sphere object hovering across sky at night clear sky then disappeared	2/20/15	Floating red sphere object hovering across sky at night clear sky then disappearedBrigt red sphere hovering across sky very noticeable clear sky at night no clouds in sky it was twice as big as the north star  as 4 of us followed it .  To slow for a meteor  faster then a plane  ,went from seeing it to it vanishing in literally one second ,it did not shoot away ,it just vanished like it was never there.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))((NUFORC Note:  For some reason not understood by us, witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))
2/15/15 20:00	Raymond	WA	Triangle	1 minute	Red-orange pyramid moving at constant speed, Willapa Bay	2/20/15	Red-orange pyramid moving at constant speed, Willapa BayOne silent, red-orange glowing object seen moving NE to SW at slow constant drift speed over neighborhood hills.  Seemed size of large microwave oven at about 200-300’ feet. Square or pyramid shaped.  Light was shimmering, looked fiery, blurry, within framework structure.  Seen by husband and wife from backyard on clear night, around 8pm PST, for about one minute.  No wind at time of sighting.
2/15/15 19:00	Hillsboro	OR	Triangle	2 minutes	Cluster of glowing orange triangular crafts slowly move together in silence above the city rooftops	2/20/15	Cluster of glowing orange triangular crafts slowly move together in silence above the city rooftops.I stepped outside on the way to my car in the 7pm darkness on 2/15/15 in Hillsboro, Oregon.  My eyes caught a glimpse of some lights up in the sky as I faced south. I was quickly amazed to observe a cluster of 9–10 glowing orange triangular (isosceles) shaped objects that I would describe as having a burning quality of glowing orange.  The orange glow turned to red glowing at the back end of the object.  I first thought they might be some type of burning debris falling towards the earth.  However, I quickly ruled that out as they were all uniform in shape, size and consistent in their orange glow intensity.Although the size of these crafts could be compared to a private airplane from my viewpoint, they did not look like planes or helicopters as they had no head or tail lights and were absolutely silent as they sailed fairly low above the city rooftops.  I am not a person who goes around looking for UFO’s by any means, but I must admit I was a bit mesmerized by these very unusual glowing objects.  I got in my car quickly and decided I would attempt to follow them, but as I got in and backed up to turn out of the driveway I looked up again and just like that they had all completely vanished.  They truly were unlike anything I have ever seen and I am certain others had to have seen them as well!
2/15/15 18:56	Hillsboro	OR	Light	1 minute	Multiple orange lights flying close to each other, then slowly started disappearing, one by one.	2/20/15	Multiple orange lights flying close to each other, then slowly started disappearing, one by one.Multiple orange lights flying close to each other.  A couple were scattered from the rest, and slowly they started disappearing one by one.  Multopl((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/15/15 18:45	Portland	OR	Formation	~20 minutes	Formation of 3 bright orbs seen from SE Portland.	2/20/15	Formation of 3 bright orbs seen from SE Portland.Went outside to sit on the porch and the two of us noticed a very bright, large light in the far west, just above the horizon.  At first it looked like a star, but it was too bright and close, and moving NW, very slowly.As we watched it, we noticed that it was actually 3 glowing orbs, moving in what looked like formations: triangular, liner, and almost stacked (which is what we saw initially).  It was moving very slowly in the beginning, with almost no movement, then started making the formations about 10 mins into our viewing.The light was extremely bright, and even through the lights in my neighborhood, I was able to capture the pulsing lights on my cell phone with no zoom. We watched it for over 20 mins, when it eventually had moved too far to the NW, and out of our view.
2/15/15 18:30	High Point	NC	Teardrop	20 minutes	Seen multi bright lights with red tails. Then seen multi lights come Out of them .	2/20/15	Seen multi bright lights with red tails. Then seen multi lights come out of them .
2/15/15 16:30	Redmond	WA	Light	3 seconds	Brilliant white light traveling East to West very fast at a steep angle of descent over Redmond, Washington.	2/20/15	Brilliant white light traveling East to West very fast at a steep angle of descent over Redmond, Washington.2015-02-15 (Sunday 20:00 - 20:30) Clear Sky - No Clouds In passenger vehicle SEA-TAC Air Traffic Visible Overhead and in the Distance.While driving south on 166th AVE NE in Redmond, Washington my passenger and i BOTH saw a brilliant white light traveling EAST to WEST in an what seemed to be a descending flight path.The light was much brighter than the SEA-TAC air traffic.No debris/sparks/trailing fire were visible at or near the object.The object was traveling significantly faster than the commercial SEA-TAC aircraft traffic that were visible.The object was traveling EAST to WEST from approximately 10:00 (EAST) to 3:00 (WEST).SEA-TAC air traffic is a constant presence in the sky over our community. I've seen many different types of aircraft of varying types (private, commercial, and military fixed, rotary, and jets) in the sky over Redmond at different altitudes.Never have I seen any aircraft traveling at this speed.  Additionally the apparent angle of descent had me expecting a fireball in the  distance.  Nothing.
2/15/15 16:00	Jackson	CA	Light	15-25 minutes	Reddish "star" chases plane then slows and disappears out of view.	3/6/15	Reddish &quot;star&quot; chases plane then slows and disappears out of view.My boyfriend and i had gone to visit a couple of friends not far from our home.  After hanging out in the front yard for some time it started to get dark and we were gazing at the night sky talking about some of the strange lights and movements of the lights noticed lately by the 5 of us.  We were looking west and just above the horizon we noticed a brighter and larger than normal "star".  In about ten minutes the light had moved quite a bit higher in the sky and all the while seemed brighter and closer to us than any other star.  I then began gazing at a plane crossing the sky from north going south and as it passed by under a small reddish "star".  Then as it was almost past the "star", that red thing then took off chasing the plane.  Then after it was almost caught up to the plane it reduced speed and seemed to go then outward and farther from our view.  All 5 of us noticed this and 4 of us had never seen anything like it before.  What was really strange was the 5th person had just been telling us that he has seen those (what he refers to as "wobblers") chasing aircraft before.  Also strange, he noted that they for some strange reason seem to respond to us observing them and since i feel he just might be right.
2/15/15 11:00	Jupiter	FL	Sphere	50 minutes	9-12 spherical shining objects over south Florida	2/20/15	9-12 spherical shining objects over south FloridaAt approximately 11:00 A.M. today, Sunday, February 15, 2015, I sighted from behind my home in Jupiter, Florida, an unusual object high in the sky to the northwest.  I followed it with my eyes and was puzzled by the fact that it moved smoothly along like a high-flying plane, but it seemed to be spherical in shape.  It shone brightly like a plane reflecting light, but the shining was constant.  I rushed around to the front of the house to watch it as it proceeded south, but by the time I got to the front street it had seemingly disappeared from the sky (although I could see the entire area of sky where the object had been headed).  Then I spotted another object of the same kind (my guess is that it was not the same one) far to the east, over the coastline or the Atlantic.  It glided south in the same manner as the first object.  Soon another shining object of the same kind appeared over the northern horizon.  I pointed the objects out to my neighbors, who were now a! rriving in a truck.  For the next half hour we continued watching these spherical objects as they appeared and proceeded southward.  It would take each object about five minutes to pass from our view (disappearing after moving past us and going some distance. In the course of 45-50 minutes, we saw approximately 9-12 of these objects.  There were no sudden maneuvers or changes in direction, although one or two of the objects veered slightly to the east, heading out toward the ocean.  Some of the objects seemed to disappear (although I cannot say offhand whether that might have been due to the interruption of light reflection). The day was bright and sunny, with only a few thin, cirrus clouds in the sky.  Air force jets leaving white contrails seemed to be tracking the objects, flying due south along the eastern coast of Florida in the general direction of Miami.  The jets would appear from the north and pass silently overhead at high altitude.  We saw 4-5 of these jets.Other witnesses included.my wife and four neighbors: a ship captain, his wife, his granddaughter, and a middle-aged male neighbor. We tried to take photos with my wife's iphone, but the lens doesn't appear to have captured anything other than blue sky.My immediate impression was that the objects seemed to be carried by a wind current and might be some sort of balloons. I phoned the local airport control tower (PBI), the Coast Guard, Patrick Air Force Base, and NASA. A NASA employee told me there had been no launches of any kind that morning.
2/15/15 02:30	Ste-Brigitte de Laval (Canada)	QC	Flash	~10 minutes	Three short entities surrounding my bed, possible abduction	2/20/15	Three short entities surrounding my bed, possible abductionThis event occured on the night of February 15th at approximately 2h30 in the morning.  Roughly one week later this incident, I've decided to openly talk about it, even if I don't feel really comfortable talking about it.I am a 47 year old guy, living by myself.  My house is located in the northern area of Sainte-Brigitte de Laval, a small and calm town located at about 40 kilometers from Quebec City. This is a really calm area without any neighbors.  It's basically a dead end.  The house is surrounded by forest, mainly pines and regular trees.  This is not a suburb.  This is the woods.  The house cannot be seen from the street and there is no street lamps nearby.  To reach my house, I need to take my private access road (less than 100m).  At night, the whole property is pitch black as I hate leaving the exterior security lights on all night long.  Since I had bear issues in the past, I installed four motion detection halogen flood lamps that are pointing at each corner.  I live there alone.My typical weekend night is to watch movies on my laptop computer in my bed.  I also drink a few beers, maybe half a six pack.  I normally start watching the first one at 9 PM. When I feel like watching a second one, I start it right away.  If I don't fall asleep and I feel like it, I'll watch a third one.  But sometimes I'm too tired and fall asleep during a movie. That's what happened the night of the incident.I started the first movie at 10:30.  Nothing unusual.  Did not feel sleepy at all. The movie ended at 12:30. Perfect for a second movie.  I started it right away.  It was a long movie and if I closed my eyes, I would fall asleep almost instantly.  The movie was so boring...  Eventually, I felt asleep for good and woke up during the ending credits.  I tried to rewind the movie back to the moment when I fell asleep.  But I kept falling asleep and waking up. Then I woke up and my laptop has died (forgot to plug it to its power supply).  There was no lights on inside or outside the house so I tried to grab my phone and use it as a flashlight:  couldn't find it.Then I saw what I can describe as a flash of bright yellow and white light outside the window.  My heart started racing because I've never seen lights other than my motion dection lights over there.  Since my bedroom window is looking at my backyard, this could be a city truck or any truck with rotating yellow strobes.  Plus I did not hear any sound.  I approached the window and looked closer.  For a split second, the flash or light came back and all 4 motion detection lights powered up at the same time.  I rapidly checked out every window of every corner of the house but couldn't see anything that was moving.   Needless to say, my heart was beating hard and fast.  I went to check out if all the exterior doors were locked when the motion detection lights turned off.  Checked out the time on the microwave oven, it was 2:30.  I could regain my bed and put my laptop aside.Trying to figure out what could have caused this, I fell asleep again. I was too tired.  Then, it happened. I could describe it exactly like when you stare at the sun or a bright light with your eyes closed.  You can see a reddish-orange glow even when your eyelids are closed. I was awoken by the bright light that was covering my entire home.  My eyes seemed sealed shut but I could see a powerful red-orange glow through the eyelids.  At first, I though that I was dreaming so I did not bother opening my eyes.  Rapidly after, when I began to see dark figures blocking the light for a second or two, I woke up and realized that I was not dreaming and that my entire house was indeed lit by an unknown light source.  I could hear what I can describe as a humming noise that I could not hear with my ears, much like a vibration my head was picking up.  I then opened my eyes and was shocked to realize that there was three short humanoid beings, about 4 foot tall, with big heads, big slanted black eyes, a slit for a mouth and a really thin neck, all surrounding my bed and staring at me.  Their arms, hands and fingers were long and slim.  I was terribly scared, and felt like every hair of my body had risen. I tried not to look at them because their head traumatized me.  I couldn't stop looking at them in fear.  The last thing I remember is hearing a high pitched noise inside my head and then, nothing, gone, it's the morning already.  Looked outside and noticed that snow in my backyard is now lower (at least 1 feet).  My experience induced me great fear but now I know what many people have been through.  I am currently not okay with what happened, so for now I stay in a motel room until I am ready to go back.
2/14/15 23:38	Orange Beach	AL	Triangle		The front of the aircraft ship face of an Alien on front,  3 orangy/yellowish flashing light Triangler form 2 symbols on  ship.	3/6/15	The front of the aircraft ship face of an Alien on front,  3 orangy/yellowish flashing light Triangler form 2 symbols on ship.Two symbols on the side and one in the front that looks like a face of an Alien, as it was going over the 14 story building really low it had a soft sound at first, never seen nothing like it,  I took photo's at 2/14/2015 at 23:38 p.m and watch t proceeding towards the Gulf as it was going over the building really low and slow it turned around like a "U" and half way in turning around from the Ocean and headed North the Sound Barrier kicked up and shot off like a Rocket, and disappeared.  The symbols on the side one can't make out and one looks like a bat symbol.
2/14/15 22:00	Stafford	TX	Circle	3 minutes	Orange/reddish circular object flying across the sky.	3/6/15	Orange/reddish circular object flying across the sky.It was 22:01 precisely when I was driving back from work.  I saw the strange object from my car flying at about an angle of 80 degrees.  I parked my car in the driveway and quickly took out my phone.  I missed two shots as it was hidden behind a house.  I did manage to get some pictures and a video clip though.
2/14/15 20:15	Marietta	GA	Fireball	several minutes	Fireball in Cobb County, GA.	2/20/15	Fireball in Cobb County, GA.More circular then oval moving from North-South right below the cloud cover.Fiery red, yellow, and orange.  It was a fireball.  Moving up and down at a downward angle.
2/14/15 19:18	Winter Garden	FL	Sphere	2 minutes	Four red-orange orbs hovering over Central Florida	2/20/15	Four red-orange orbs hovering over Central FloridaOn February 14, 2015, around 7:18 PM EST, while driving north-bound on SR-535, I noticed 4 red-orange orbs of light evenly spaced and moving from West to East in what appeared to be a straight line formation.I turned off the radio in the car and rolled down the driver side window in an attempt to hear some sort of sound - although the lights were still moving there was absolutely no sound.I couldn't determine if there was any solid objects behind the lights.  The lights were bright, not blinking and I didn't see any smoke or trail.  At first I guessed the altitude to be around 800-1,000 feet.I stopped the car on the side of the road - by this time the orbs of light were hovering high above my car still moving East and appeared much larger.Slowly they broke off the line formation, the 2 leading lights appeared to be slowing down and circling back around - the pattern was now random.As I continued to watch the orbs moving slowly, one of them, suddenly shoots or expels a small object at a high rate of speed downwards at an angle - the small object expelled looked like a white light with a short tail (looked like a tiny shooting star) - the white light and its tail quickly disappeared as it moved away from the orb - it maybe lasted 2 seconds at the most.  I now believed the orbs were higher in altitude and moving faster that what I originally perceived - maybe as high as 5,000 feet.I tried to call someone on my cell phone at least 3 times to get another witness to the event - but the calls didn't go through.I tried to change to camera or video but by the time I was able to do so the lights were so far to the East that they looked as small as any other star in the night sky.The whole time I could also see an aircraft (not sure if commercial or military) high in the sky (at least twice as high as the orbs) with normal set of blinking aircraft lights and also moving West to East.
2/14/15 19:00	Sequim	WA	Light	5 minutes	From Sequim,Wa just below the Little Dipper at approx. 5000 ft  a brightly colored pulsating red orb slowly moving SE then stopped agai	2/20/15	From Sequim, Wa.Just below the Little Dipper, at approx. 5000 ft., a brightly colored pulsating red orb slowly moving SE, then stopped, again moved slowly southeastward.  It then appeared to fade in its brightness until it was a very faint glow.  It continued at a faster slide stop, slide stop movement toward Bremerton shipyard location.  The town streetlights obscured any more visual.
2/14/15 18:47	Coos Bay	OR	Light	4 minutes	Yellowish Bright light coming off Pacific ocean  in a Northeast direction , not a aircraft taking off or landing at local airport.	2/20/15	Yellowish Bright light coming off Pacific ocean  in a Northeast direction , not a aircraft taking off or landing at local airport.Looking north twoards local airport: North Bend,Or. (OTH) I often check the sky for sattlelite activity coming onto USA soil from western pacific area.  This object was lower than usual sattelite views.  It was quite "Yellowish Bright" .  I thought maybe it was the International Space Station,  But the local media"s did not forewarn?  I notified the Seattle office of the FAA /unusual sightings.
2/14/15 18:30	Friendsville	TN	Light	2 minutes	Saw lots of blue lights	2/20/15	Saw lots of blue lightsMy boyfriend and I where driving down the highway and in the sky we say blue lights flashing in the sky in patterns of 3.  Like 1,2,,3 pause then 1, 2, 3 pause this went on for about 4 min.
2/14/15 15:00	Las Vegas	NE		2 minutes	((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no information; elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD))	2/20/15	((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no information; elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD))
2/14/15 03:45	St. Petersburg	FL	Diamond	Till 6am	Sky light movement.   ((NUFORC Note:  Possible "twinkling" star?  PD))	2/20/15	Sky light movement.Saw a star or something moving below Orion's belt saw it for three nights in a row and in the morning it just disappeared in the blink of an eye was staying around another dimmer star, all witness clearly slaw the movement.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/13/15 20:50	Eagle	ID	Disk	5 minutes	Saucer craft, looked like very bright star almost a "T" shape light.  Drove under saw shape and light pattern.....	2/20/15	Saucer craft, looked like very bright star almost a &quot;T&quot; shape light. Drove under saw shape and light pattern.....Driving on I-44 towards Eagle Road from Star.  Saw bright light in sky, brighter than a star in distance.  Saw what appeared to be a dim come shaped beam leading to ground.  Drove closer.  It was quietly hovering 100ft in air over road.  Drove under.  Saw saucer shape as well as light pattern go in rotation around craft:  Blue, white, white, white, white, red. Wife saw triangle light pattern on bottom, but was definitely saucer shaped.  Was stopped in air. 2 witnesses, only one craft.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/13/15 19:15	Maryville	TN	Formation	2 minutes	10 bright reddish orange orbs drift in formations from south to north in the night sky.	2/20/15	10 bright reddish orange orbs drift in formations from south to north in the night sky.While unloading groceries, my husband and I saw 10 reddish orange orbs go from south to north in the sky.He was outside first.  He saw four orbs in a square formation, followed by three in an elongated triangle, slowly drift from south to north above the tree line which is across from our place.  The formations followed the same path as the previous formation.  He texted me to come outside.  Of the square formation, as they went past, all four lights went from orange to white for about 5 seconds, and back to orange.  After the color change, the bottom two lights disappeared.  The top two lights continued on the same path.  Then the 3 lights in the triangle disappeared, followed by the first 2 lights from the square formation.By the time I was outside, the first seven had vanished.  But when we looked back up, there were another 3 lights in an elongated triangle - they took up about 1/4 of the sky, and they followed the same path, from south to north, of the first 7.  They were bright reddish orange and the impression was of slow steady movement.  They did cover a large percentage of the sky from our vantage point - if I point my fingers at the places where they appeared and disappeared, it's at least 90 degrees.  They covered this distance in probably about 45 seconds.   We could also clearly see the lights of normal airplanes in the sky at this time, and it was obvious they were flying much higher in the sky.  As the lights reached the northern part of the sky, they disappeared, one at a time.My husband and I are in our late 30s, we both work professional jobs, and we were shocked and amazed by what we saw.
2/13/15 19:00	Norwalk	CT	Disk	20 minutes	Large disc like craft observed hovering over Long Island Sound.	2/20/15	Large disc like craft observed hovering over Long Island Sound.One large craft visible from the 7th floor of Norwalk hospital observed a few miles away hovering over Long Island Sound.  The craft had green blinking lights that appeared to be spinning around the craft itself.  I personally observed the craft hovering over the sound for 20 minutes or so.  But it could have been there longer prior to my seeing it.  I took a video of it with my phone.  Eventually I looked away from the window for a few moments and when I looked back the craft was gone. This is the first time I have ever seen something like this in person.  I will never forget it.
2/13/15 16:33	Guilderland	NY	Sphere	30 seconds	A bright, spherical object hovered thousands of feet above Guilderland, NY before vanishing in broad daylight.	2/20/15	A bright, spherical object hovered thousands of feet above Guilderland, NY before vanishing in broad daylight.On Friday, February 13, 2015, I was driving west on U.S. Route 20 approaching the intersection of New York State Route 155 in Guilderland, NY when I spotted a bright, unidentified flying object in the distance to the northwest, thousands of feet in the air.At first, I thought it might be a plane either descending toward or flying away from me (since there’s an international airport about 6 miles northeast of where I was driving), but as I continued driving toward it I became more convinced that it was actually a spherical object hovering stationary in the sky, since it had no wings and was staying in place.  It was also too high in the air to have been a helicopter hovering in place, in my opinion.As I continued toward the intersection keeping my eyes on the object I drove past some tall trees to might left, which came between me and the object and caused me to lose sight of it for about 5 seconds.  When I came out the other side of the trees the object had vanished.  This was strange to me because the sky was completely clear of clouds and the sun was well-off to the southwest, so there was nothing for this object to fly behind and the sun could not have obscured my vision.The entire event occurred over approximately 30 seconds. The time of day was 4:33 p.m. EST and the sky was clear.  I continued searching the sky for the object as I continued driving west on Route 20, but I was unable to locate it again.
2/13/15 00:30	Portland	OR	Circle	2 seconds	4 lights  moving east to west  in a half V formation  2-3 seconds   no sound	2/20/15	4 lights  moving east to west  in a half V formation  2-3 seconds.  No sound.from porch looking south 4 light grey lights in a half "V" formation went across the mostly clear sky from west to east at a fast pace.  2-3 seconds of visibility.
2/12/15 23:40	Preston	WA	Chevron	1-2 minutes	Blue and red double chevron seen over I 90, Washington State.	2/20/15	Blue and red double chevron seen over I 90, WA.2/12/15   11:40pm  Driving east on I-90 (70mph), approaching Preston, WA.      Visualization of lights in sky appearing to be somewhere over North Bend or Snoqualmie, WA heading west over I 90.Lights formed two chevrons-one above the other.  Each light =4x size of a star seen with naked eye.  Each chevron was composed of two blue lights for its right half, and two red lights for its left half.  Therefore, I saw 4 blue lights on right and 4 red lights on left heading toward my location.  They seemed to be flying at the altitude of the red warning beacon on one of the mountain tops, but each single light in this grouping was 3x size of a beacon.Color was remarkable.  Couldn’t figure out what it was.  Never seen anything in the sky that large with SUCH COLOR.  Deep, intense, cobalt blue lights formed the right half as it approached (which made it on the left as I looked at it).  Bright red lights formed its left half.  As it moved further west, the blue lights turned completely off and then on again.  Not at quick, even intervals as you’d see with a strobe light.  It was slower and random.  Before it passed over the left (north) side of my car, this blue-lights-off-then-on occurred probably 5 times.Co-worker saw similar lights while still in Issaquah, WA.  Worker said the lights were green, remained stationary, then moved off and away sideways (south?).
2/12/15 23:00	Omaha	NE	Triangle	5 minutes	Omaha UFO.	2/20/15	Omaha UFO.I was driving West, around 80th on Maple Street in Omaha, NE, when I noticed I bright white light in the sky. The light looked like a huge star. I started watching the bright light and than it started to dim.  I kept watching it to see if maybe it was a helicopter or a airplane and I noticed red lights on the perimeter that were shaped like a triangle.  The craft moved to the North at a slow rate of speed. I didn't hear any sound coming off the craft.  It was nothing like anything I have ever seen before.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/12/15 20:15	Charleston	SC	Light	~30 minutes	Star like object, moving erratically.	2/20/15	Star like object, moving eratically.Bright light, like a star directly overhead.  Light was moving up and down and from side to side.  Movement was erratic.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/12/15 20:05	Fort Collins	CO	Triangle	45 seconds	Triangle with 7 lights flying low altitude with low speed.	2/20/15	Triangle with 7 lights flying low altitude with low speed.((NUFORC Note:  We have requested a more detailed report.   PD))
2/12/15 20:00	East Haven	CT	Light	>1 hour	I leaned out my window to smoke a cigarette as I don't smoke inside my home and it was too cold to go directly outside. I do this a few	2/20/15	I leaned out my window to smoke a cigarette, as I don't smoke inside my home, and it was too cold to go directly outside.  I do this a few times a night so I always look at the stars. My attention was drawn to the brightest star I've ever seen.  Then I noticed it didn't appear to be a star at all.  Instead it looked something like my imagination would envision a rocket to look like; except it was stationary.  It was many times brighter and lower than any other star in the sky.  It didn't twinkle.  It seemed as if the main body had almost a diamond shape and an equally as bright white trail.  Then to my amazement as I scanned the sky I saw two more of the exact same description.  The brightest was to the north of my location.  The one in the sky directly before me (I was facing east so it would have been out over the Atlantic shore) seemed highest in the sky.  The third was in between the  altitude of the other two and was in the southern sky.  They were equidistant from one another.  I know they weren't stars because there were stars in the sky and none looked anything like these.  I watched as long as the cold would allow me, about twenty minutes.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/12/15 18:50	Durham	NC	Unknown	5 minutes	I went outside at approximately 7:10 pm to let my dog out. Something caught my attention and it made me look up into the sky.	2/20/15	I went outside at approximately 7:10 pm to let my dog out.  Something caught my attention and it made me look up into the sky.  For a second, it looked like the light from the separate planes, moving in formation, at the exact same speed without any deviation in formation.  But, as I looked a little closer, it almost looked like there was a solid mass.There was no sound ... not even airplane sounds.As it passed by a a star (or maybe it was Venus?) it appeared to cover the view of the star.  This is when I became really convinced that I was not looking at 3 separate planes but, instead, a single and very large object.I then saw some kind of plane appear from the left of the unidentified object.  I could gauge any distance.  It may have just been a regular plane.The object moved forward and behind the tree line, leaving me unable to observe it.
2/12/15 18:45	Fort Collins	CO	Fireball	10 minutes	Orange, silent fireballs over Fort Collins, CO	2/20/15	Orange, silent fireballs over Fort Collins, CO.Nine orange fireballs drifted from the south to the north.  These objects gained elevation and eventually disappeared.  Before they disappeared, I filmed 4 of them making a formation (best described as the inner part of the peace sign).  These fireballs were silent (I did not hear anything) and organized.
2/12/15 16:11	Magnolia	AR	Sphere		Copper colored spherical object seen moving through the air at low altitude very fast.	2/20/15	Copper colored spherical object seen moving through the air at low altitude very fast.I was in a light airplane about 1000 feet above the ground, when I noticed a copper colored spherical object moving through the air towards me at a very high rate of speed.  The ufo passed my left wing seemingly lower than me at an unknown distance.  I watched it for as long as I could until it disappeared from my sight.  I could not gauge the ufo size very well but it seemed small. Much smaller than any aircraft.  But, it was very noticeable none the less.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/12/15 14:30	Weston	FL	Fireball	seconds	This was taken facing East with sun at about 2:30.  The plane had just turned on the base leg ready to turn on final approach for runw	3/6/15	This was taken facing East with sun at about 2:30.  The plane had just turned on the base leg ready to turn on final approach for runway L 090 at FLL airport.  The object was probably over the Atlantic as the airport is just off the coast line in Fort Lauderdale.  The picture I took just fraction of a second before this one did not shown an image or contrail approaching from the East.  The camera I used was a Coolpix 3.0 LCD.  I talked to Broward County Sheriffs office command center at the airport/seaport on the 12th.  Their reaction-"not in our domain-no recommendation where to go.  Thank you for coming by".  The object could have been exactly overhead their office when I took the picture.Thanks--((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD))
2/12/15 06:00	Miami	FL	Changing	3 minutes	Slow descending object in shape of pyramid burst into approx 8 different lights which stayed in place for 1 minute, then moved away.	2/20/15	Slow descending object in shape of pyramid burst into approx 8 different lights which stayed in place for 1 minute, then moved away.Initially, thought objects were parachuting down, because object was slow desending. Object had two "glowing engines" underneath which made desending slower than something parachuting.  The object changed form several times which made me think it was a parachute, but the final form was a pyramid with the two glowing engines underneath.  After watching this for approximately 1 minute, it burst into approximately 8 different lights which were in a cluster.  They lights stayed stationary for about 1 minute.  I went to grab phone to take picture; flash interfered with picture, then second picture didn't reveal image.  At that time the 8 lights moved away south and out of view.
2/12/15 01:30	Bountiful	UT	Light	3 minutes	At around 1:30 am my wife and i heard sounds like metal getting pounded on. we first thought oh crap some one is breaking into our camp	2/20/15	At around 1:30 am, my wife and i heard sounds like metal getting pounded on.  we first thought oh crap some one is breaking into our camper.  But as soon as we ran out side, we saw an orange light. headed east towards Morgan, Utah, hovering low under 500ft. after about a minute we see 3 helicopters fly in from the north trying to route this light one is helicopter is flying a search pattern and the other 2 are chasing the orange light.  as soon as the light went over the mountains we lost sight and went inside thinking that was odd.
2/11/15 23:00	Santa Clarita	CA	Light	15 seconds	As I took the Sierra Highway exit, I spotted 2 lights next to one another slightly above these homes. Direction wise, these homes were	2/12/15	As I took the Sierra Highway exit, I spotted 2 lights next to one another slightly above these homes.  Direction wise, these homes were located along the 14 freeway Northbound going towards Palmdale, Antelope Valley.   These houses were on hills and from the distance it looked as if they were floating low.  All I know is that these lights were a faded green color.   As soon as I registered what I was seeing, the lights slowly faded away and they were gone.  Mind you, today's been extremely windy, so the sky looked especially crystal clear.
2/11/15 22:30	Old Fort	NC	Light	5 minutes	2 low flying red lights flashing in call and response dancing through the sky in Western North Carolina.	2/12/15	2 low flying red lights flashing in call and response dancing through the sky in Western North Carolina.I went out on the porch and was looking at the stars which were especially beautiful this night. I saw a red light flashing just behind some trees across the road. I thought it was a tower at first, but then I noticed a second red flashing light.I walked into the yard to get a better view and saw that they were moving just above the tree line.  They moved to my left and they were flashing in a perfect call and response pattern. They moved fluidly and appeared to be separate objects.  Their distance was not constant.They continued around to the left and over the hill until I could not see them.  I came inside and searched for similar sightings and found one report that described two lights "dancing in the sky".  This description fits what I saw. It was quite beautiful.I came out 5 minutes later and saw them near the mountains west of here, where they soon were out of sight.  I saw an airplane plane fly overhead soon after they disappeared.  I do not know if that is related.One other thing is that while I was watching them when they were within appx. 100 yards from me, I heard a crash in the house, which scared the death out of me.  I ran in and my microphone  had tipped over and landed on the ground.  I don't know if ufos knock over microphones, but if they do, I find that very rude.  I am 33 years old and this is my first sighting.  It was very exciting, but I'm also a little shaken because they were so close to the house.
2/11/15 22:00	Lake Wylie	SC	Light	Almost every night	Nightly hovering object viewings over Lake Wylie	2/12/15	Nightly hovering object viewings over Lake WylieThe object (light) will appear in the sky almost every single night.  It is a bright light that looks like an airplane, but hovers in the same location for up to 10 minutes at a time.  It will slowly ascend upwards, then move horizontally to the west.  I have observed this phenomena from my window almost every might.  Sometimes even multiple times per night.  Seemed to have been hovering above Buster-Boyd Bridge.
2/11/15 21:30	Phoenix	AZ	Sphere	5 minutes (intermittent)	From Squaw Peak, saw orange glow coming from the mountain range west of South Mountain.  First one lasted 5 minutes then disappeared.	2/20/15	From Squaw Peak, saw orange glow coming from the mountain range west of South Mountain.  First one lasted 5 minutes then disappeared then minutes later 2 appeared then disappeared then 3 .. Looked like flame-shape object glowing.  One minute there the next gone.  Then saw them again on 2/12/15.  Same time but only saw one for a minute it then disappeared and returned a few minutes later.  Same flame-like glow.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/11/15 20:30	Bolivia	NC	Light	3 seconds	Amber lights in sky.	2/12/15	Amber lights in skyApproximately 8:30 ish pm, February 11, 2015, took the dogs out to pee, looked to the left, towards Holden Beach area, saw a longish amber light, very fuzzy, burning in the sky.  Then a squarish amber light appeared to the left of the long light, swiftly moved towards and over it, then both disappeared.  The square light was very defined, sharp, crisp edges.  When I saw the longish light, called to husband to come and help identify and in a matter of seconds, both were gone.  Like opening a door and closing it.  No sound or odor; dogs didn't react in any way.  Too quick for husband to see.
2/11/15 20:00	Sun City	AZ	Changing	15-20 minutes	Fiery lights in the south-western Phoenix sky.	2/12/15	Fiery lights in the south-western Phoenix sky.2 orange/yellow lights in the south western part of the sky.  4 more appeared to the west of the first 2.  There was a large space between the first and second, then the second and the last 4.  The last four appeared after the first 2 were hovering and those 4 remained in a cluster,  slightly to the right (west) of the first 2.They disappeared after about 15-20 minutes.
2/11/15 19:30	Buckeye	AZ	Light	1 hour	PHOENIX AMBER LIGHTS SIGHTING BUCKEYE, ARIZONA.  02/11/2015.	2/12/15	PHOENIX AMBER  LIGHTS SIGHTING BUCKEYE, ARIZONA.  02/11/2015.AT ABOUT 7:30PM, MY DAUGHTER, HUSBAND AND I WERE DRIVING WESTBOUND ON OLIVE AVE.  CROSSING THE AQUA FRIA RIVER LOOKING SOUTH TOWARD LUKE AIR FORCE BASE WE SPOTTED THREE LARGE AMBER LIGHTS HOVERING BEHIND THE BASE.  WE TURNED LEFT ON LITCHFIELD RD.,AND THEY LOOKED TO BE MOVING SOUTHBOUND. ONE OF THE LIGHTS SLOWLY DISAPPEARED SO WE WENT SOUTHBOUND ON THE 303 FREEWAY TOWARDS THE 10 TO FIND WHERE THE LIGHTS WENT, THEY WENT IN THE DISTANCE SOUTHBOUND TOWARD THE ESTRELLA MOUNTAINS AND THEN DISAPPEARED.  WE GOT OFF THE 10 FREEWAY AND EXITED VERRADO WAY NORTHBOUND TO RETURN HOME.  THEN WE SAW TWO LIGHTS REAPPEAR, SO WE PULLED OVER TO LOOK, GOT OUT OF OUR CAR AND USED OUR CAMERAS TO FILM.  THE LIGHTS APPEARED TO FLICKER GO OUT AND THEN SIX LIGHTS APPEARED.  THERE WASN'T ANY SOUNDS THAT WE COULD HEAR. THERE APPEARED TO BE A FLASH UNDER ONE OF THE LIGHTS LIKE LIGHTNING THAT ONLY HIT THE GROUND AT ONE POINT.  THERE WAS A MIST OF SMOKE LIKE A TRAIL FROM ABOVE BY THE THE LARGEST ONE.  THEY APPEARED TO FLICKER AND DISAPPEAR RADOMLY BUT ONE REMAINED BRIGHT AND DOMINANT THE WHOLE TIME.  AND I WOULD APPROXIMATE THE SIZE TO BE AS LARGE AS BIG WATER TANK.  THE SIX LIGHTS SLOWLY BECAME TWO AGAIN AND THEN DISAPPEARED COMPLETELY.  WE DO HAVE PHONE VIDEO WHICH DOES NOT GIVE SUCH AN AMAZING SIGHTING JUSTICE.  I AM A ((deletedforties)) YEAR OLD REALTOR, MY HUSBAND IS A ((deleted--fifties)) YEAR OLD BUSINESS OWNER, AND MY DAUGHTER IS A ((deleted--twenties))  YEAR OLD ((deleted)) STUDENT AT GLENDALE COMMUNITY COLLEGE.
2/11/15 19:15	Walker	LA	Triangle	10 minutes	Black triangular craft, Walker, Louisiana.	2/20/15	Black triangular craft walker LouisianaOn 2/11/15, at around 19:15, me and my wife witnessed a very large black triangle above my house it was very low in altatiude it had a very large red light on the bottom side center of the craft that did not blink at all there were also two lights on the back edge of the craft that were blinking red and green we could clearly see that it was a black triangle and although it was very low and right above us it made no sound at all  it moved very slowly ,, the movement of the craft was very strange it just seemed like it  Didn't belong the craft was moving from the west heading toward the east it did stop and hover for a brief moment almost like it knew we were watching it ,,it stopped it turned toward us and tilted up on its side a bit almost like to give us a better view are at least that's the feeling I got  Also there was a really ,really small white blinking light that came from pretty much from nowhere it was like one minute it wasn't there and then the next minute it was there the little white light seem to scope out the triangular craft for a minute then the little white light headed back toward the northwest and the black triangular craft  follow it me and my wife agree that this was one of the strangest things we have ever witness and we also don't see how we could have been the only ones to see this , ,all this happend early in the evening there were plenty of other people out and about someone else had to have seen this and we would love to hear from anyone who might have seen this
2/11/15 18:05	Montreal	MO	Other	1.5 minute	I watch sky everynight listen to nature this was 1st viewed such happening.	2/12/15	I watch sky everynight listen to nature this was 1st viewed such happening.2 11 15  8:05 PM  Standing on Back Deck Clear Night.  Located Camdenton, Missouri, Rural Location.Good View Of Southern Sky Towards, Lebanon Missouri Moving at 10,000 Feet based on Small Aircraft flying level.  My Field of view saw a Big Flashing Brilliant White Light Like a Airplane, Only see Flashing Was Erratic and flash 1 then flash another area of sky within seconds covered horizon then gone.Erratic movement across horizon.  Unbelievable distance between flashes. Very Erratic Bouncing all over.Daytime view of Horizon view of 50 miles or more.This light covered it in seconds.  Flash Flash Flash Out of View.I do not Drink or Drugs.This was a UFO nothing I have ever viewed in subject area took minutes to cover area.Also at a much lower level.Jets Much higher within field of view.Now 8:24 PM.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/11/15 18:00	Portsmouth	VA	Light	not sure	Did anyone else see a bright light with a tail in Portsmouth, Virginia?  I have some video.  Looked like a comet.	2/20/15	Did anyone else see a bright light with a tail in Portsmouth, Virginia?  I have some video.  Looked like a comet.
2/11/15 18:00	Quinby	VA	Light	1 minute	Bright white light moving slowly and silently across the sky, then disappearing above the trees.	2/12/15	Bright white light moving slowly and silently across the sky, then disappearing above the trees.It was just getting dark as I got in my truck while parked on the edge of a field.  I was facing east and over the woods to my right I noticed a really bright ball of white light moving slowly to my left.  At first I was thinking it was an airplane but the bright light would have been pointed in the direction that it was moving, it was pointed in the opposite direction , behind it... with beams of light coming from the ball of light looking like spokes of a wheel. It was so quiet out there in that farm field... there was absolutely no sound coming from it, nothing...I then hopped out of the truck to take video of it and realized my cell phone was in the truck charging so I ran back and grabbed it, turned on the phone and tried to start the video and noticed it was getting dimmer and seemed to get lower, then I lost sight of it completely as I pressed the start button ... like it disappeared into some low clouds. Airplanes make noise and comets move fast and! leave a tail of fire behind them, this was neither. It truly was the strangest thing I have ever witnessed in my 45 years of life.
2/11/15 17:05	Stuart	FL	Fireball	2 seconds	I was sitting in my living room and saw something out of the corner of my eye , as i looked out my sliding glass patio door , i saw a h	2/12/15	i was sitting in my living room and saw something out of the corner of my eye, as i looked out my sliding glass patio door, saw a huge fireball of white light with a long tail, I believe that it was a shooting star.((NUFORC Note:  Meteor??  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/11/15 16:40	Punta Gorda	FL	Circle	2 seconds	A small  white circular object low in the sky	2/12/15	A small  white circular object low in the skyI saw one circular object white in color around the level of small planes go from north to south, from the west side of my house.  The object was small and it went behind a palm tree and I got up to look at it again it was gone.  I was sitting in a chair with my dogs and I looked up and saw the object only for two seconds.  The sky was blue and clear so the object stood out.  The object looked to me to be a small object but it happened so fast that I really don't know how high the object was in the air but I'm guessing what the height of it was.
2/11/15 15:00	Tulsa	OK			Multiple witnesses to a strange sound near Tulsa, OK.	2/20/15	Multiple witnesses to a strange sound near Tulsa.This is a first for me, so not sure where or who to report it to and it may be nothing.  I live in a suburb on the outskirts of Tulsa, OK.  This last Wednesday at about 3:00pm, (I know as my son's bus came during the event) we started hearing the strangest noise we've ever heard over my home.  We ran outside as did many others, when it did not stop like a normal aircraft passing would.  The cloud cover was immense, but we could tell something was overhead.  Not just loud, but you could feel the pressure change.  A bunch of people went outside as this went on several minutes, and felt like it lasted forever.  I wish I could accurately describe the sound and the way it felt.  My dogs did not bark like they normally would, they went and hid.  Cars were stopping and everyone was trying to see what it was.   The only thing I saw, was after this noise had passed from overhead, I saw 2 fighter jets fly by at a very low altitude right over my house, through a small cloud break.  This noise kept going and going.  If it was some aircraft, it would have to be circling around and around for the entire length of time.  Even stranger, after, the news here reported at least 12 power transformers spontaneously erupted in fire causing over 1000 people to lose power.  Maybe a coincidence, but weird.  Nothing was mentioned anywhere about the air event, except on Facebook conversations.  My sister in law heard it at her house about 12 miles south, and this was right over my house going in a northeast direction, so it was that loud.  They went out to see what it was there, and couldn't see anything either.   My other sister in law lives close to my neighborhood, and said she was afraid it was the end of the world and was thinking only about her son at school.  At the grocery store yesterday, I overheard two people talking and one mentioned they thought it could be "haarp" related.  I had to look that up to see exactly what it was.  Whatever it was, it was bizarre and even stranger that the transformers blew up and that nothing was mentioned about it from our news sources.   I just wanted to report it somewhere.  Even if it was military maneuvers, it's worth reporting.  Obviously the military was involved somehow as the 2 jets that were following it could be seen. Sincerely,  ((name deleted))  Sent from my iPhone((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no contact information.  PD))
2/11/15 04:00	Cottonwood	AZ	Unknown	10 minutes	Most recent sighting of many over 10 years. Light  that appears, brightens gradually to the intensity of an airplane wing light, then g	3/6/15	Most recent sighting of many over 10 years.  Light  that appears, brightens gradually to the intensity of an airplane wing light, then gradually disappears.  Flashing at 5 second intervals, light repeats as the source moves slowly between occurrences.  Flashes repeat from one to many lasting from 1 to several minutes.  On this date, the first flash noticed was due south of the north edge of Cottonwood, about 45 degrees above the horizon, moved north changed to a NE course and was last seen NE, at about 75 degrees above horizon.  Flashes estimated at 40 over at least 10 minutes.Follow up on report filed 2/11/15 and it has not been posted. ??????? Please respond.
2/11/15 02:30	Port Orchard	WA	Unknown	30 minutes	Low frequency pulsing followed by 30 minute power outage.	2/12/15	Low frequency pulsing followed by 30 minute power outage.At approximately 0230, I was woken by a low frequency pulsing sound.  The best I can describe the sound in words is “WOB WOB WOB WOB WOB!”  My power flickered in my house but didn’t go out, then the sound came back, only louder this time, and then the power shut off in our entire neighborhood.  I figured maybe a transformer had blown because of a storm, but when I looked outside my window, the trees were all still, no wind and no rain.  I did notice that there was a thick haze everywhere, and in the dull ambient light outside, I could see what looked like a dark shadow moving through the air, it could’ve been clouds shifting in the air, but as I said, the trees were still. There was a neighbor dog that was barking hysterically for a couple minutes after the event.  The power took approximately 30 minutes to come back and when it did, 2 of my 3 ceiling fans were on high speed, which is weird because we never put them on high speed, especially through the night because it makes it impossible to sleep.  It was a rather eerie event; I have never heard or had anything like this happen before.
2/11/15 02:30	Port Orchard	WA		30 minutes	Feb. 11, 2015 Port Orchard incident	2/20/15	Feb. 11, 2015 Port Orchard incidentI, too, experienced the same event on February 11th at 2:30 am.  No craft seen; I was awake because I worked swing shift that evening; I heard pulsating, lights flickering, went off, a strange noise I cannot identify, and what I thought sounded like footsteps outside of my window.  I was extremely frightened.((NUFORC Note:  The witness appeared on a radio program to talk about her sighting, and she was quite convincing.  PD))
2/10/15 21:15	Winter Springs	FL	Light	2 minutes	White light, high up, no sound.	3/6/15	White Light, High Up, No SoundSaw a white light moving in the sky.  It was really, really high up, like a plane would fly, but we don't normally have planes flying in that direction at night, and usually they are much lower.  I saw the light and ran into the house to get my night vision camera and was able to catch a few seconds of it on video.  It was moving at a steady pace, and I heard no sound at all.  I live in a flight traffic area and ALWAYS hear planes when they go over, there was no sound from this. It was moving from the north to the south.  Saw no blinking lights.  Even the video doesn't show blinking lights.  Thought it might be a satellite or the ISS, but when I went online to find the current positions of all of them nothing matched the location of what I saw over central Florida. The object never changed direction, never changed speed, just kept on a steady course.
2/10/15 21:10	Twin Falls	ID	Oval	35 minutes	3 orangish-red oval fireballs above Castleford	3/6/15	3 orangish-red oval fireballs above CastlefordAs I left my mothers home and headed West into Twin Falls on Kimberly road I noticed 2 white light orbs in the sky above the tree and town skyline.. they were separated by 14 inches in the sky distance and the one on the left was quite a bit higher than the other.I continued to drive and pulled over 6 different times as I thought I was chasing them or getting closer to them to the West.  At the first stop the left object appeared to seperate into 2 white orb objects.  As I drove West all 3 objects were moving slowly in a low atmosphere orbit.Before my third pullover the objects were changed into orangish-red oval orb fireballs.  At that point there were 2 objects on the right..(one above and to the left of the other one.)  As I continued with my drive and stops the objects would start by being fairly dim..then brighter to bright, then fade out..they showed them selves on 4 minute intervals,, the last 2 pullovers I watched in the dark sky until they reappeared..  At my last stop they were just above the horizon to the West.There were a few other cars on the road and I hoped one would come up on me so I could get confirmation but I ended up way out in the dairy farm area with no others around.The night was crystal clear,,a bit breezy and around 40F.  Someone else had to of seen these lights from the Interstate or somewhere.  I thought they were over the Castleford area, but could have been as far west as the MHAFB or out over the the Pacific.
2/10/15 19:10	Las Vegas	NV	Formation	10 minutes	Large Formation of Orb Energy ufos making shapes!	2/20/15	Large Formation of Orb Energy ufos making shapes!Las Vegas Second Sighting  Traveling down the 95 South North of Downtown Las Vegas, I saw multiple objects which where making a 3 dimensional pyramid on the top formation, and another shape triangle shape at the bottom and spinning.  Then what looks like they were making the shape of DNA.  They were like orb energy ufos.  They where changing directions.  Someone got a video from a southern vantage point. Here..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJHa2man_6k
2/10/15 18:00	Las Vegas	NV	Other	30 seconds	Large, energy, stationary fireball above Las Vegas mountains.	2/20/15	Large, energy, stationary fireball above Las Vegas mountains.I will have to fill out two reports, because I was lucky enough to witness both events.Ufo Sighting First Report.I was traveling down Elkhorn Rd., heading away from Aliante Station Casino.  To the north above the mountains there was at first what I thought was a large fireball from a meteor.  I realized it wasn't because it was stationary.  After about 5-10 seconds it turned off. We turned the car towards that direction, and it reappeared. I estimate this object to be 5 to 6 football fields, we couldn't see what the object was, but almost like an energy field of plasma, and it was rotating.  And then after about 15-20 seconds it disappeared.I then dropped my sons off and proceeded to drive south.  The second event someone actually got on video.  Please review second report titled "UFO Sighting Second Report".((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/10/15 18:00	Fortuna	CA	Circle	20 minutes	Fortuna lights.	2/12/15	Fortuna lights.Two strange whitish-yellow lights hovered in the air like fireflies, floating slowly down to earth.  At first we thought they were parachuters.  I took a video with my phone, and upon a second viewing I realized the lights were also moving sideways!  About 5 minutes later we saw the same kind of light again, only this time is was purplish and there was only one.  It also meandered about the sky before floating to the ground in the distance.Drones? Aliens?  Parachuters?((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/10/15 17:00	Homestead	FL	Formation	6 hours	Every night for 2 weeks I see lights and shape changing it flashes colors and you can see it on camera only I have lots of videos I thi	3/6/15	Every night for 2 weeks I see lights and shape changing it flashes colors and you can see it on camera only I have lots of videos I think it's very big and I see it every night all I do is record it.I hope other people have seen this((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the witness may be viewing a celestial body, although we cannot be certain.  PD))
2/10/15 16:30	Midland	TX	Disk	~5 seconds	UFO over Midland, Texas.	2/12/15	UFO over Midland, Texas.Midland, Texas, 4:30 pm, Feb. 10, 2015.I was talking to my neighbor and his brother-in-law across the back yard fence when I spotted the UFO.  It was in the eastern sky over Midland.  I said UFO and the other two men looked to where I was pointing.One man said it isn't a plane or bird.  The other man said " They are watching us".It was visible for about 5 seconds before moving out of our sight.The craft appeared to be a fat disc similar to the one on the front page of your web site.  It was light gray or silver in color.  The craft was moving from south to north faster than a balloon could move.  I estimate it at 4,000 feet high and 3 miles away.  The size could be compared to a 737 airliner.  It moved in a strait path until it was out of our sight.
2/10/15 14:18	Huntington	WV	Other	20 seconds	Two military grade Chinooks flying overhead.	2/12/15	Two military grade Chinooks flying overhead.This is technically not a UFO because I know what it was. It was just very unusual to see.  Two Chinook twin roater helicopters were flying overhead.  There are usually helicopters but never these ones.  Just kind of wondering what they were doing. Not sure if this is the correct site to use or not.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))
2/10/15 07:35	Simpsonville	SC	Cigar	1-2 minutes	Cigar shaped object over Simpsonville, SC.	2/12/15	Cigar shaped object over Simpsonville, SCWife and daughter were coming back in from an early morning trip to the doctor's office. While coming in the back door of the house, something caught their attention.  We are on the approach path of an international airport, but this was a different type of craft, moving quickly, with no sound.  She snapped a picture believing it was a low orbit satellite or something.  She described it a bright white cigar shaped object in a clear blue sky.
2/9/15 21:50	Bartlett	IL	Cross	1 minute	I was driving and about to turn into my neighborhood and saw a cross shaped aircraft with white lights on the tips and one red and one	2/12/15	I was driving and about to turn into my neighborhood and saw a cross shaped aircraft with white lights on the tips and one red and one green light in the center.  I stopped in the middle of the road and the aircraft was hover to my 11'oclock about 200 feet above me, then I turned into the side street and pulled a u turn to get a better look and the aircraft was flying off in the east very fast and disappeared out of my sight.
2/9/15 21:21	Appleton	WI		3 minutes	I saw a weird flying object with bright lights hovering above Little Lake Butte des Morts.	2/12/15	I saw a weird flying object with bright lights hovering above Little Lake Butte des Morts.
2/9/15 20:20	Washington, DC	DC	Changing	40 minutes	A colorful object was seen from a far distance. It gave off red, then orange. then yellowish white light.  have pictures.	2/12/15	A colorful object was seen from a far distance.  It gave off red, then orange. then yellowish white light.  have picturesIt is 11 pm and I just watched the most unusual.At 10.20, I looked out and saw this big, big reddish half moon right over the monument and was surprised to see that color.  A big Moon that color at this time of year?  So late at night?  I was fascinated.  I watched it and it turned orange, but it stayed in the same position.  I became curious, kept on watching for the next 40 minutes.  I went outside and took pictures, no idea if anything came out.  I took Tosca for a walk, kept on watching it.  It seemed like clouds went in front or across it (even so it is a cloudless night).  the shape changed, it became rounder and turned into something like an apple.  The color had changed to a yellowish white.  Then the shape changed to half again and around 10.50 it started to fade away, became a thin line,  by 11 is was all gone.  For 40 minutes it never moved from the position in the sky, it stayed right over the White House.**
2/9/15 20:00	Magna	UT	Triangle	2 minutes	A very scary incounter with a never seen before air craft.	2/20/15	a very scary incounter with a never seen before air craft.the craft was triangle shaped with which looked like a metalic shinny grey color of what i can see from the moon light .  it had weired lights that would blink in a organized formation , including one big bright light under neath the huge craft , it was the size of a foot ball field but moved in incredible speed . it was very far into the sky .
2/9/15 10:30	Toronto (Canada)	ON	Unknown	continuous	Bright white circle light with no source and looks like cross hairs of a gun scope.	2/12/15	Bright white circle light with no source and looks like cross hairs of a gun scopeToday, I saw a weird white light, with no light source from the sky or ground, and it is a perfect circle that looks like a cross hairs of a gun scope you can only tell that it looks like that if you see but in pictures I have taken you can't tell tomorrow I will go investigate it and see why and make a future report.
2/9/15 07:58	Bristow	OK	Formation	4-5 minutes	Daytime sighting of 6-8 Bright white orbs flying in a straight line over Bristow, OK.	2/12/15	Daytime sighting of 6-8 Bright white orbs flying in a straight line over Bristow, OK.Monday, Feb. 9, 2015, at about 7:58 am, I was driving my 12 yr. old daughter and 5 yr. old grandson to school when I noticed that you could still see the Moon very well.  I glanced at the moon, and then back at the road, and immediately realized I’d seen something under the moon, so I glanced back up at the moon and saw a long line of white dots moving at a steady pace in the same direction I was travelling.  I instantly assumed they were white birds and again looked away.  Then it occurred to me that they were in a perfectly straight line and evenly spaced away from each other, so I looked up again and said, “What the hell is that?”  At that point my kids looked at it too and the 12 yr. old said, “That’s not birds!”  At that point, I pulled the car to the side of the road and watched the objects.  What I saw was a perfectly straight line of 6-8 very bright white lights, all traveling north at a steady speed that wasn’t slow but wasn’t real fast either.  (They were flying, not drifting, on the air currents like balloons would).  Each light was evenly spaced down the line and did not appear to be attached to anything or each other.  They appeared to be separate units and were traveling as though they were following each other not flying side by side.  The second to the last light was slightly out of line, it was a little higher than the others in the line.  Each one had the same light intensity and were brighter than the moon was.  They appeared to emit light, not have lights on the outside.  I also noticed that they appeared to flash at the exact same time, but it wasn’t a normal flash and is very hard to describe.  It was almost like a strobe light flashing slowly but the light wasn’t going off and on, it looked like there was a grey thing that travelled down each light starting from the top and travelling down the front then appearing at the top again and traveling down the front repeatedly and the grey thing blocked out the light as it travelled down the orb.  (It reminds me of a light in a lighthouse that has a sheet of metal the rotates around the light, momentarily blocking it out so that it appears to flash)  It was like that, and you could tell the light itself wasn’t flashing.(I initially thought it was birds like I said, flapping their wings and that’s why it appeared to have that flashing appearance)  But it became apparent that it wasn’t birds when I noticed the spacing between them was too perfect, they were in a perfectly straight line (except the second to the last one), they flashed in perfect sync with each other and they were flying so high in the sky that I don’t even think birds fly that high).I continued to watch the lights until they were no longer visible.  They were actually traveling northwest, so as they continued across the sky they were no longer flying parallel to my car they were flying away from me as well and the first few lights could no longer be seen and eventually they all flew too far away to see anymore.There was no sound, they traveled at a steady speed, they flew at a pretty high altitude but were very easy to see and maintained the same altitude throughout the sighting, they appeared to be pretty large and very bright!  They were very noticeable even in the daylight.  I was able to see them from the side and from behind when they flew away, but they looked the same all the way around just a ball of bright white light, no structure could be seen.I was a police officer for 13 years and by nature skeptical and observant and have tried for 2 days to come up with a rational explanation for what I saw, and cannot come up with anything!  They were not aircraft of any sort because they made no sound and were flying way too close together and were too perfectly spaced out to be anything I am aware of.Also, I noticed that someone reported a sighting to this site that appears to be the same thing I saw, their sighting was on 11/25/14 in Oklahoma City, OK.  According to their report.
2/9/15 06:48	Homstead	FL	Unknown	3 minutes	While driving, straight ahead of me I saw red-orange fireballs coming out of the sky, then they would stop and maintain there altitude.	2/12/15	The morning was really overcast and cloudy in Homestead 2/9/15.  Usual morning with my girls in taking them to school, left at 645am.  While driving, straight ahead of me I saw, red-orange fireballs coming out of the sky, then they would stop and maintain their altitude, hovering.  I said what is that? and one of my daughters replied, "Do you think its meteorites?  But why would they stop in the middle of the sky?"  The other daughter mentioned, "Mom, it's not a plane, the lights are not flashing, there constant."  It was one fireball after the other, the first couple of orbs that came down first already formed a square, while others kept coming out of the clouds, but they were organizing themselves, in a line, it looked like they formed some type of constellation.  The big dipper.  Meanwhile, more red orange fireballs, at this time I was really scared and asking for someone to film it and looked at the time, it was 6:48 am and started counting them, 14.  I looked in front of me at the sky and they were there but not in my camara.  I asked my daughter to zoom in, but all of the sudden, the color changed to yellowish orange.  They were all there hovering waiting for some thing.  Then they all formed a "V", bright yellow/orange lights and completely disappeared.  Five minutes have gone by and I didn't see anything,  All of the sudden I saw 2 military airplanes flying towards the same exact direction the Orbs went.  I was never a UFO believer until yesterday.  I went to work really shakey with my experience.  I called channel 7 news and reported it.  I spent most of my day looking for other answers to convince me it wasn't UFO'S.  All the pictures of other experiences looked exactly the same as what my eyes seen.  My daughters and I witnessed it together, all 3 are believers now.
2/8/15 22:40	Orlando	FL	Unknown	3 minutes	Blue/red light seen in sky going up down and sideways.	2/12/15	Blue/ red light seen in sky going up down and sideways.Saw a blue changing to red back and forth in the sky it started going down then side ways then it started going back in a reverse motion then up. It stopped for a few seconds the light of red and blue got a bit lighter.  Then it started to come my way then down and to the side again. I lost it behind some trees for a few seconds then it came back started to go further up it stopped for maybe 5 or 6 seconds then it disappear.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))
2/8/15 22:00	Fresno	CA	Triangle	2-3 minutes	Three bright lights forming a triangle staying stationary in sky then quickly flying off and disappearing.	2/12/15	Three bright lights forming a triangle staying stationary in sky then quickly flying off and disappearing.At about 10pm, my friend and I were on the way to my house and I noticed three bright lights in the sky making the shape of a triangle.  At first I thought it was lights for a tower like the ones you would see at a airport, but since I drive down that particular road at least 10-20 times a week it was not usually there and it was too far away from the town airport to be a tower for it. As we drove south more, I noticed that it seemed we were getting closer to it so it was staying still and I also noticed that I couldn't see any metal connecting below it so it had to be floating/flying in the sky.  It was kind of low like when a airplane is going to land, but it stood still in the same spot not moving side to side or up and down.  After looking at it for a couple minutes my friend driving finally saw it and asked what it was, he was intrigued and pulled over so we could get a better look, by the time he pulled over and turned to look it was quickly fading away and! then was gone.  It took off very quick.
2/8/15 22:00	Wesley Chapel	FL	Other	20-30 minutes	Floating, swaying, and dropping.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible "twinkling" star??  PD))	2/12/15	floating swaying and dropping.Not sure.  Had blinking lights...red, and some other.  Could not tell.  Was floating in air dropping and swaying and jolting left to right.((NUFORC Note:  Possible "twinkling" star??  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and have encouraged to look at the same area of the sky, at the same time of night, when they have a clear sky in that area of Florida.  PD))
2/8/15 20:30	Las Vegas	NV	Light	5-7 seconds	Large bright white light speeding through the sky.	2/12/15	Large bright white light speeding through the sky.I live very close to the Las Vegas international airport and often look up at the planes flying over our apartment.Was walking to my car when a plane flew over.  I looked up at it and shortly after, a fairly large bright white light entered my field of view headed the same direction as the plane which was west, also the direction I was walking.  It was not blinking, it had no streak and was moving about 3-5 times faster than the plane.  It suddenly vanished as I watched it racing across the sky.It was a perfectly clear night no clouds anywhere.  I thought it could be a meteor but it was much larger than any I have ever seen and it left no streak as meteors do when they burn through the atmosphere.
2/8/15 20:00	Cape Coral	FL	Triangle	15 minutes	Triangular shaped craft with four bright lights over Cape Coral, FL.	2/12/15	Triangular shaped craft with four bright lights over Cape Coral FLMy 21 yr old son and I went out to walk our dog at approximately 8:00 pm on Sunday, February 8, 2015.  We were walking west down a long street in northern Cape Coral, FL.  This street we were on at the time has no homes and no street lights and it was pitch black.  It was a cool evening.  The sky was completely clear and full of stars.  As we walked, we noticed two very bright seemingly stationary lights in the sky to the west straight ahead of us.  I assumed they were planets and my son checked his Google Sky Map app on his phone and confirmed that the bright light on the left was Venus, but there was no explanation for the bright light to the right of it.  We naturally assumed it was a plane approaching but it was silent – no preceding jet noise – and it did not appear to be moving for quite some time.We continued walking west toward it for several minutes.  Eventually it began to appear larger. As it got closer, the light which had at first seemed to have an orangish hue to it became a very bright white.  We still thought it was a plane but were puzzled by the silence.  It finally passed overhead very, very slowly moving eastward with the faintest whirring sound.  We knew then that it was definitely not any kind of plane we’d ever seen before because we could see the outline of it against the sky and it was triangular.  It had one very large, very bright white light on the front and three identical lights across the back.  There were no flashing lights and no red or blue lights like we normally see on planes.  Also, the lights were much bigger than lights we've seen on jets in the past.  We turned and watched it continue moving slowly to the east.  It finally seemed to pick up speed and completely disappeared.
2/8/15 19:38	Riverview	FL		5 minutes	((HOAX??))  3 different sightings of a red orbs traveling west to east. Each orb were 2 minuets apart trading in same direction.	2/12/15	3 different sightings of a red orbs traveling west to east.  Each orb were 2 minutes apart trading in same direction.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/8/15 19:00	Cape Coral	FL	Circle	5-6 minutes	7-8 orange circles with a red light on bottom.	2/12/15	7-8 orange circles with a red light on bottom.Saw between 7-8 orange circles (with a red light underneath) in the sky.  At first they were flying in formation with a lot of space in between them - 2X2.  The last circle was solo.  The sky was clear except for stars.  No noise heard.  They came out of the west and headed east.  Eventually they all went behind clouds.  Six of us saw it.  Took a photo.
2/8/15 18:40	Sherwood	OR	Flash	5 minutes	((HOAX??))  3 bright white flashes that lit up the entire sky with no sounds above Parrott Mountain in Sherwood, OR.	2/12/15	3 bright white flashes that lit up the entire sky with no sounds above Parrott Mountain in Sherwood OR.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/8/15 18:40	Marina del Rey	CA	Light	1 minute	Green glowing transparent light.	2/12/15	Green glowing transparent lightMy boyfriend and I were leaving Ralph's in Marina del Rey around 6:40pm tonight, when we noticed a bright green glowing light in the southern part of the sky.  It was just a tiny bit larger than a star.  The object was green in color and the light faint, almost transparent yet very visible.  We suspected it was a helicopter or a drone, but due to the transparent green glow of the light there was no way it was a helicopter.  We're not sure if what we saw was extraterrestrial in origin, but if was for sure an unidentified flying object.  The sighting lasted just under a minute while we were stuck at a traffic light.  The entire time the object seemed to be moving back and forth in the sky, but not like a helicopter would move.  It proceeded to change it's color to bright red then zip away in a straight line.  It went behind a building as our car began to move.  We passed the building after we proceeded through the intersection and we couldn't see it anymore.  It vanished out of sight.
2/8/15 18:00	Roswell	GA	Other	2 minutes	Object glowing red, white, and blue, hovering above Big Creek Park, Roswell, Georgia, at pedestrian trail.	2/12/15	Object glowing red, white, and blue, hovering above Big Creek Park, Roswell, Georgia, at pedestrian trail.While taking pictures in middle of a nature trail in Big Creek Park in Roswell, Georgia, I saw a odd, high-altitude craft, probably around 60,000 ft.  The craft looks quite amusing, shaped like bunch of balloons, colored blue and white with and red glows.  It stood still at first, then slowly moved, slowly enough that I could take a picture of it.  However, due to the fact it is very high up in the sky, after a minute and a half or so, I either lost track of it or it simply disappeared.Note:  Although object looks like a bunch of balloons, the object was too high in the sky, too fast at times, and too erratic in movement to be a bunch of balloons released by children.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/8/15 17:00	Montrose	CO	Changing	65 minutes	White orb, only noticed due to low flying Cessna type plane going same direction.  ((NUFORC Note:  Star or planet?  PD))	2/12/15	White Orb, only noticed due to low flying Cessna type plane going same directionTowards east moving slowly to ENE, clear sky, looked like a white donut but without center poked out, then to a spherical shape watched for an hour till faded away, looked more rectangular towards the end.  We used binos and a 9x rifle scope to view, the pictures and video from cell phone just show the white shape.  When first noticed looked as though "playing" doing flips and such, then settled down.  Color: white then orangeish(believe due to sunsetting).((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the witnesses were observing a star or planet.  PD))
2/8/15 01:00	Scottsdale	AZ	Diamond	6 seconds	Bluish Green diamond shaped coming in at a steep angle towards the earth, then it banked hard right and gained altitude as it headed S.	2/12/15	Bluish Green diamond shaped coming in at a steep angle towards the earth, then it banked hard right and gained altitude as it headed S.Just dropped my Girlfriend off after seeing movie.  Was entering on the 101 Freeway heading south from Shea Rd Exit. At first I though it was a shooting star.  It had a blue/greenish color to it.  It looked like it was going to crash into the indian reservation (Talking Stick Casino) but before it hit, it changed directions and shot across the 101 Freeway toward Phoenix at an AMAZING SPEED and just disappeared as it gained altitude.   Other people on the Freeway saw this too.
2/8/15 00:45	Hollywood	FL	Circle	2 seconds	Bright White Circular Object.	2/12/15	Bright White Circular ObjectWe saw a white circular object that flew by at an amazing speed.  It had a glowing tail behind it.  It disappeared behind a cloud.  It looked probably 4 or 5 times the size of a star to the human eye.  It was a very bright white color.  Seen 15 minutes after we saw a brown floating object.
2/8/15 00:30	Tarentum	PA	Formation	20 seconds	((HOAX??))  One red and three white lights moving through sky.	2/12/15	one red and three white lights moving through skyAbout 1230 am.  One red light with two white lights circling around it.  All three were moving very fast through sky. Never seen anything  like this before. lasted about 20 seconds and all three disappeared.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/8/15 00:30	Hollywood	FL	Other	30 seconds	Brown Floating Object.	2/12/15	Brown Floating ObjectThere was a brown object floating in the sky.  At first, we thought it was a paper bag but it was moving entirely way too fast to be anything drifting (Also there was very little to no wind). Dog started acting strange.
2/7/15 23:35	Natrona Heights	PA	Light	1 minute	Bright blue orb observed making rapid ascenscion, gentle downward arc, lateral move, and rapid descent before disappearing.	2/12/15	Bright blue orb observed making rapid ascenscion, gentle downward arc, lateral move, and rapid descent before disappearing.Bright blue orb appeared above horizon facing southeast, rapidly ascended, making full stop.  Object then drifted in a downward in a slow arc to the east, came to full stop, paused, then made a lateral move to the west.  Object then descended at same speed as ascension.  Upon reaching starting position above the horizon, object then paused, and disappeared.  Overall movement can be described as a reverse “P.”  Size, altitude and distance of object indeterminate.  Note:  Area has routine helicopter traffic due to proximity with local hospital.  Behavior was inconsistent with normal observed activity, no noise, engine or otherwise, accompanied sighting.
2/7/15 23:23	Herndon	VA	Formation	1 minute	2 bright, silent and unmoving lights just over the tree line.  They eventually faded away and disappeared into the night sky.	2/12/15	2 bright, silent and unmoving lights just over the tree line.  They eventually faded away and disappeared into the night sky.
2/7/15 23:15	Antioch	CA	Circle	15 minutes	2 flying fireball objects.	2/12/15	2 flying fireball objects.MY WIFE CAME HOME LATE FROM A FRIEND'S HOUSE WITH MY 3 YR OLD SON.  I WENT OUT SIDE TO GET MY SON OUT OF HIS CAR SEAT, THEN I LOOKED UP ONTO THE SKY AND SEEN 2 FLOATING FIREBALL OBJECTS.  WE WATCHED FOR A WHILE UNTIL WE COULDN'T SEE ANYMORE.  I TOOK SOME PICTURES AND VIDEO.ITS HARD TO SEE ON VIDEO, BUT YOU CAN STILL KNOW IT'S NO AIRPLANE OR ANYTHING ELSE.
2/7/15 21:00	Dayton	OH	Sphere	5 minutes	Two red/orange spheres.	2/12/15	Two red/orange spheres.Witnessed two orange red spheres (solid emitting light) (both had no blinking lights) west on US-35.  Were gliding in the air, emitting no sound.  Both appeared out of the sky and traveled opposite of each other.  Lasted for about 5 minutes.  There was a commercial airplane coming from the Dayton International Airport that had to have witnessed one of the orange spheres.  Both spheres faded into the dark.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/7/15 20:00	Columbus (New Albany)	OH	Sphere	60 seconds	Slow moving pink sphere changing from small to large (and back again) over Columbus, Ohio	2/12/15	Slow moving pink sphere changing from small to large (and back again) over Columbus, OhioI saw a slow moving, pinkish (red/orange/pinkish) sphere track across the sky this evening. Totally silent. No usual lights from an aircraft (no blinking tail lights or wing lights)..  just a pink, slowly moving pink sphere heading west to east, slightly low in the sky (35 degrees).  The size and intensity of the light oscillated.. changing from larger sphere to a smaller sphere and then back again.  It shifted from small to large about about 4-5 times.  I watched it for about 60-90 seconds.  It continued in the same direction and eventually faded to a glimmer and then gone.  (Although it did *not* continue 'over the horizon' like a rocket..it continued in a straight line and faded out.  My impression was that it was heading in a totally straight line, taking it "outward" through the atmosphere and not simply down-range.
2/7/15 19:00	Lamar	CO	Sphere	10 minutes	((HOAX??))  Almost nightly we see this light. It is very big in comparison to even close neighboring yard lights.	2/12/15	Almost nightly we see this light.  It is very big in comparison to even close neighboring yard lights.  The light is very bright and changes colors from green to amber.  We watched 4 airplanes fly over our heads and surround the light.  The light traveled up and to the right for a few minutes in a bouncing motion.  Then it slowly descended to the other side of the small hill behind our home.  We have anew airport 1 mile from our home and frequently see Army planeso and Blackhawk choppers flying overhead.  The aircrafts that came from the airport surrounded the light and just stayed over it..  They are still there though the light descended out of sight 10 minutes ago.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/7/15 18:20	Salt Lake City	UT	Fireball	2 minutes	Huge bright orange fire ball appeared, moved southwest, hovered, then disappeared.	2/12/15	Huge bright orange fire ball appeared, moved southwest, hovered, then disappeared.At dusk 8:20 p.m., 2/7/2015, looking at the State Capitol from northwest Salt Lake, saw a bright orange fire ball moving from east to southwest, at approximately 2,000 feet.  There was no noise and its size was large enough to show it clearly as a fireball.At this same time, a small general aviation airplane was flying west from SLCIA area to southeast at a slightly higher level northeast of the object and about 1 to 2 miles apart.In less than 30 seconds of travel, the fireball appeared to hover approximately above 900 West and about 400 South, then resumed moving south.  Once moving, the fire ball dimmed and then totally disappeared in less than 3 seconds.  The weather was clear, no wind.I have lived near the airport since 1957 for the most part.  Worked in aviation arena for 22 years.
2/7/15 04:00	Salem	VA	Triangle	1 minute	((HOAX??))  I was driving to home and talking with my wife by phone and I see a triangle with bright lights in front of me.	2/12/15	I was driving to home and talking with my wife by phone and I see a triangle with bright lights in front of me.. like few miles on the sky.  For about 1 minute...  omg.
2/7/15 02:41	Novato	CA	Sphere	40 minutes	Waves of what looked like constellations of stars, traveling successively from one side of the sky over the horizon.  Came from the W.	2/12/15	Waves of what looked like constellations of stars traveling successively from one side of the sky over the horizon.  Came from the west.at 2:41am, my fiancee and I were using the google sky app to try to identify strange star formations, and the google sky app wasn't able to identify the constellations we were seeing.  Then, we realized that the supposed constellations were moving from southwest, coming from the direction of the coast, and moving across the sky toward north east.  We realized that the entire constellation had moved from one part of the sky, directly over us, and continued moving in formation until we could no longer see them.  Waves of what looked like constellations or formations of flying stars kept coming from the southwest and crossing the entire sky, all passing over us.  It took roughly five minutes for each wave of them to appear and cross over the entire skyline.  However, there was one brighter "star", and once it crossed above us, it seemed to go only a few more degrees toward the northeast, until it hovered in place, then seemed to go back and forth as to stay visible to the new waves of "star" or craft formations that appeared.  it would get up to 80% brighter than it's original appearance, as if it was guiding the waves of flying "star formations" that continued to appear from the southwest and travel to the northeast.  We went and got our mom and her boyfriend after 2 minutes of witnessing the first wave of stars, which we thought was a constellation-but once it was over the house we realized it was moving and brought them outside.  After that, we witnessed at least 6-7 formations moving across the entire sky-each had approximately 6-9 stars in formation with each wave.  It looked as if Cassiopeia started to move and cross the sky, with a wave of more cassiopeia constellations successively moving across the sky.  There was a lot of fog, but the moving "stars" would go behind the fog and emerge so that we could see that they had traveled and kept their momentum while continuing to fly in the! direction of the one bigger, brighter craft.  They were all s! ilent.With the exception of the bigger "star" that seemed to oscillate within a small area of the sky to stay somewhat in one place as its lights grew brighter, none of the other starlike craft grew brighter.  All maintained a veritable "starlike" lighted appearance.  Again, no noise heard at all, no blinking red lights, and they were all way too close together to be actual airplanes.  I have never seen 40 planes so close together and all traveling the same altitude, the same direction, and without any noise or without some kind of blinking identifying light for safety, especially on a foggy night.  Each time the fog and clouds had a break, you would see more and more of these moving constellations, all following the brighter craft.  The brighter craft seemed to have illuminated its sides, and looked triangular.  However, you could only see this feature when it increased its brightness every few minutes, as if to light the way for the next wave of craft.  I tri! ed to take a video with my iPad, but it captured blackness.  someone please let me know the best equipment for filming at night.  Please!  Thanks!
2/7/15 01:00	Munford	TN	Triangle	5 minutes	Triangle object with bright lights hovering in silence.	2/12/15	Triangle object with bright lights hovering in silence.Driving down highway 51 in Munford, TN, right above the water tower, me and my boyfriend saw a triangle craft of some sort with one bright white light in the center and a couple of smaller red lights at each corner of the flying object.  We thought is was an airplane until we realize how low it was flying or should I say hovering. We pulled over and rolled the window down to get a better look and it was completely silent!  As soon as I got my phone out to try and take a picture it sped off faster than I have ever seen any aircraft travel.  We had never seen anything like it.
2/6/15 22:30	Trucksville	PA	Sphere	5 minutes	I saw four bright orange with red hugh lights going from west to east then turning norhteast. There was no sound I vidoe taped 2..	2/12/15	I saw four brigh orange with red hugh lights going from west to east then turning norhteast. There was no sound I vidoe taped 2..Tonight on my way home from work around 10pm I spotted 4 UFO's in the PA sky's near Dallas PA. The first I saw while driving then two more followed.  I was able to video tape these.  Then a 4th came by but my smart phone was out of memory so I only have the video of the two.They were bright orange and round with deeper almost red highlights.  All four follow similar tracks through the sky. I have two other witnesses to the lights who stopped while I was taping them.Here is the video.https://www.dropbox.com/s/uob9w0leb5os78m/VID_20150206_215103218.mp4?dl=0     Thank you,
2/6/15 22:03	Cerritos	CA	Light	2 seconds	Bright blue light whizzing at an impossible speed across sky over Cerritos.	2/12/15	Bright blue light whizzing at an impossible speed across sky over Cerritos.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/6/15 21:30	I 24   80 to 74 mile marker	KY	Oval	5 minutes	3 oval light size 2 1/2 times of a 747 south of 1 24 between 80 and 74 mile marker 9 25 pm 930 pm	2/12/15	3 oval light size 2 1/2 times of a 747 south of 1 24 between 80 and 74 mile marker 9 25 pm 930 pm((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS))The time was 925 pm to 935 pm on I-24 in Kentucky.  I WAS GOING WEST BOUND ON I 24 and I saw 1 about the 80 mile marker on my left side about a mile and a 1/2 a way and about 2000 feet up then another 1 came from the back of it,  but not from it so now I could see 2 at about the 78 mile marker now they were about 200 feet a part or so and at the same  2000 feet up and at about the 77 mile marker.  I could see the 3rd one a bout 100 feet off the ground.  and all 3 lit up the hole area. then by the 75 mile marker I could only see the 2 of them.  And they wink out by the time I was at the 74 mile maker they were goneAND THIS DID HAPPEN AND I DONT TO DRUG OR DRINK MY GOD WHEN IS THE WORLD GOING TO WAKE UP AND DO SOME THING ABOUT THIS AND WHAT DO THEY WANT FROM US THIS IS REAL. ((END ADDENDUM))
2/6/15 21:15	Fox River Grove	IL	Sphere	5-10 minutes	5 bright reddish to orange sphere like aircraft moving from south to north in the sky east of Cary, IL . no sound or typical blinking a	2/12/15	5 bright reddish to orange sphere like aircraft moving from south to north in the sky east of Cary, IL.  No sound or typical blinking airplane lights.  Altitude about 5000-7000ft moving at a steady pace, inline and about 30 seconds apart.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/6/15 21:00	Carthage	MO	Fireball	2 minutes	Slow fireball that floated across the sky for a couple of minutes and did not die out like a meteor would have.	2/12/15	Slow fireball that floated across the sky for a couple of minutes and did not die out like a meteor would have.I saw a fireball-like object. It was difficult to determine the size since it is nighttime and I am not sure how high it was (although it didn't appear to be too high over the houses in the neighborhood), but I would guess it was at least 2-3 feet in diameter.  It moved very slowly over the houses across the street, and while it flickered and was the color of a flame, it stayed approximately the same size and did not die out (I watched it until it disappeared behind some trees).  There were no sounds coming from it, nor were there any vehicles or aircraft operating in the area.  It was moving far too slowly and lasted too long to be a meteor or anything similar.
2/6/15 21:00	Cinnaminson	NJ	Fireball	5 minutes	Bright red lights in the sky!	2/12/15	Bright red lights in the sky!I walked out of my garage and noticed in the sky 6-8 very bright red objects slowly moving away from me.  Slower then an airplane.  I went to get my wife who wouldn't get up so I grabbed her phone to video.  By then there was one that changed its direction more towards me.  I video-ed it but it's not real clear.  It disappeared about 20 seconds later.
2/6/15 19:15	New Orleans	LA	Fireball	5 minutes	Bright, red UFO drops a white object which is intercepted by another small, white UFO.	2/12/15	Bright, red UFO drops a white object which is intercepted by another small, white UFO.The initial object was glowing bright red.  I observed it for a few minutes while taking still shots and video.  In the last video, 2 small, white object flew close to it.  The red object released a small white object which seemed to be intercepted by the 2nd small object flying past it.
2/6/15 19:00	Oloh	MS	Unknown	5 minutes	3 bright light hovering over hwy 98 then vanished.	2/12/15	3 bright light hovering over hwy 98 then vanished.Driving from hattiesburg to columbia noticed 3 large bright white lights in the sky not moving.  It was as high up as the near by radio towers.  Couldnt make out shape.  Rounded a curve and was directly in front of us, others where pulled over taking pics on side of road. Got my phone out to take pic put the lights just kind of went out then it was gone.  As the lights went out looked like was on a cloud.  Could not hear any sound from it.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/6/15 19:00	North Wales (UK/Wales)			10 minutes	Saw a strange star in the Sky.  Thought I might be looking at the space station!  It tracked from right to left for about 2 minutes.	2/12/15	saw a strange star in the Sky . Thought I might be looking at the space station ! It tracked from right to left for about 2 mins, just a bright white light like a large star in the sky ! Only it flashed light much brighter than any thing else in the sky!  It stopped tracking and started to slowly dim, then disappeared, not due to cloud cover because I could still see the other stars ..  It was defiantly not a plane ! came out of the house roughly 1 hour later an saw a similar object much further over in the sky , this time had a witness with me ?  I thought she would think i was mad , she was certainly sceptical until the star type object behaved in a similar way only stayed in the sky ???  Could the space station visibly change direction ?  Can satellites change direction ?  I have a photo, it's  shows the object.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/6/15 18:20	Lake Elsinore	CA	Teardrop	30 seconds	Strange lights and strange aerenautica manuvering.	2/12/15	Strange lights and strange aerenautica manuveringWe saw a craft hovering about 300 ft in the NW hemisphere - it was not conventional aircraft or helicopter but no sounds, suddenly there was a bright pulsating light blinked 2 or 3 times and then the craft dropped to the ground behind the tree line about 10 minutes later it appeard in the eastern hemispher and gluided towards the Eastern hemisphere.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/6/15 18:00	San Diego	CA	Light	45 seconds	Orange-red light slowly moved from west to east, sharply turned south, and rapidly disappeared into the sky.	2/12/15	Orange-red light slowly moved from west to east, sharply turned south, and rapidly disappeared into the sky.Bright, orange-red, light slowly moved from west to east.  There was no sound.  The light slowed, turned sharply to the south, and then disappeared into the sky at rapid speed.
2/6/15 18:00	Durham	NH	Other	30 seconds	HUGE STAR looking craft (I guess, just one bright bright light)  One Light flew over head and then totally disappeared into thin air.	2/12/15	HUGE STAR looking craft (I guess, just one bright bright light)  One Light flew over head and then totally disappeared into thin air.Looked Like a HUGE star that was really low over the sky, flew straight overhead of Middle of Durham, NH.  I was walking my dog down woodman road, looked up and coming from nowhere suddenly looked like A star was SUPER low flying at a medium speed overhead.  No blinking no multiple lights just as if a star had dropped down low and was floating over my head heading East.  I watched it fly over head for about thirty seconds and as it got a little past the spot where I was actually standing it just faded to nothing.  Absolutely did not go over tree line or fly so far it seemed as if i could not see it any more.  It was right over head and low and just disappeared.  CRAZIEST thing I have ever seen!!
2/6/15 16:00	North Canton	OH	Sphere	5 minutes	Several bright glowing objects in North Canton, Ohio, near the Akron Canton Airport.	2/12/15	Several bright glowing objects in North Canton, Ohio, near the Akron Canton Airport.At just after 4 PM on February 6th, 2015, I witnessed no less than 3, and possibly 4, bright craft high in the skies over North Canton in Northeast Ohio, very close to the Akron/Canton airport.These were very high in the sky and seemed to be close to freshly sprayed Chemtrails/Contrails.  I believe that they were emitting some sort of light because every so often, they would turn dark for a few seconds and then turn very bright again.I am pretty certain that these were not conventional aircraft because they were gracefully and quickly turning, pausing and looping in and around each other.  This doesn’t seem like what a typical aircraft would or should do, let alone near an busy airport.
2/6/15 13:00	Farmington	NM	Light		((HOAX??))  I was driving back home, and I saw a big bright light in the sky w/o any sound.  It was slowly moving S and it disappeared.	2/12/15	I was driving back home, and I saw a big bright light in the sky without any sound.  It was slowly moving south and it disappeared.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/6/15 07:30	Banks	OR	Circle	1 hour	((HOAX??))  Multiple flying objects with lights flashing, that stoped in a specific spot.	2/12/15	Multiple flying objects with lights flashing, that stoped in a specific spot.The first object seen was fairly large and could easily be mistaken as a helicopter but was soon followed by two more flying objects.  They traveled left and circled around a hill for a few minutes.  We soon realized they had disappeared. Then another came from the right and flew to the same hill.  This happened multiple times for about an hour.  Suddenly three more surrounded the one flying object and they all flew to that same hill.  It may have gone longer but I left the scene.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/6/15 07:15	Carrboro	NC	Disk	2 minutes	I was driving down Old 86 when I saw a silver object in the sky.  It was closer than a plane would fly but not extremely close to the g	2/12/15	I was driving down Old 86 when I saw a silver object in the sky.  It was closer than a plane would fly but not extremely close to the ground.  It was hovering when I noticed it.  I thought it was odd shaped for a plane.  Then it turned and I could see it was shaped like a hat with a brim.  It then started going higher in the sky.  It was not going super fast, but obviously faster than an airplane.  It just kept going up and up and getting smaller and smaller until it was no longer visible.
2/6/15 05:00	Frederick	MD	Formation	Seconds	Large blue craft hovers in neighborhood with large beam of light seemingly targeting house.	2/12/15	Large blue craft hovers in neighborhood with large beam of light seemingly targeting house.I couldn't sleep.  I had too many thoughts about starting my garden.  I was in bed right by the window.  Even though the blinds were mostly  shut, I could see a tremendous beam of light very close and part of a vehicle or hovering device that had shades of blue in the shape of like a transformer, or cubicles attached to one another.  It made no noise.  It hovered with beam seemingly targeted toward my house or my window.  I froze, I had my phone about to call my son in another room.  I remember giving an affirmation that no one is taking me.  Before you know it it just disappeared sideways and I ran to my son's room and told him I was frightened as to what occurred.Of course he thought I had dreamed it, that I probably fell asleep and I said I rarely remember dreams and I couldn't sleep.  I had too many thoughts about starting my garden.  I was in bed right by the window.  Even though the blinds were mostly  shut, I could see a tremendous beam of light very close and part of a vehicle or hovering device that had shades of blue in the shape of like a transformer, or cubicles attached to one another.  It made no noise.  It hovered with beam seemingly targeted toward my house or my window. I froze, I had my phone about to call my son in another room.  I remember giving an affirmation that no one is taking me.  Before you know it it just disappeared sideways and I ran to my son's room and told him I was frightened as to what occurred.Of course he thought I had dreamed it, that I probably fell asleep and I said I rarely remember dreams and this was so vivid.  In all my years of being on this earth I had never been so frightened as to have to go to my son's room and had him hold me.Earlier about an hour prior to this incident I happened to observe a bright star go dim, fade and then go  bright again.  For a moment I thought maybe this was connected.   That maybe it wasn't a star;  maybe I was observed  and then this thing just zoomed down out of nowhere.  Whatever it was, perhaps a vision of a A vehicle instead of a vision of an angel, I certainly wasn't looking for it  and it was very real to me.
2/5/15 22:45	Milford	NH	Triangle	3-4 minutes	Low flying set of three white lights in triangle formation, with occasional red flashing light between them.	2/6/15	Low flying set of three white lights in triangle formation, with occasional red flashing light between them.Driving down the road, spotted 2 white lights far apart and low flying, coming towards me then veering slightly more west.  Turned onto a road following its path, and once I was underneath, I noticed a third back light and an occasional red flash between the three lights.  It was lower now and  had slowed almost to a stop and then suddenly sped up twice as fast flying south west.  No sound heard.
2/5/15 21:30	Springfield	VA	Light	4 seconds	Bright light seen moving across sky at impossible speed.	2/12/15	Bright light seen moving across sky at impossible speed.i saw the bright light in the sky near the beltway heading south about a week ago and again yesterday.  this was unmistakeable i know how planes, helicopter, even shooting stars look.  this was a different brighter light that stayed in a fixed position in the sky and then moved at a constant impossible speed across the sky until it dissapeared.  lasted about 4 seconds. happened both times around 930pm
2/5/15 20:15	Dateland	AZ	Formation	35 minutes	Orb formation.	2/6/15	Orb formation.Friday, ((sic.  Thursday)) feb 5th, 2015, 8:15 pm, on interstate 8 between Gila Bend and Yuma Driving west on I-8 toward Yuma.  Me and my Partner saw three glowing orbs about 5 miles south of us at aprox. 100 meters up.  They hovered for about 5 mins, then quickly shot downwards and exploded into a cone of yellow light.  No sound was heard, and no debris or dust was observed.  this then repeated two more times with the three orbs appearing then shooting down and exploding.   we were taken aback and thought maby they could have been some kind of munition and then things got stranger still.  right after this sequence we saw two orbs appear static in the air at about 1000 meters.  then two more equidistant forming a square . no movement just stayed put.  then four more appeared forming  another perfect square for a total of 8.  we pulled off the road at exit 85 to watch what was going on.  three planes flew into the airspace just going around and around the lights.they were orange/amber orbs almost translucent.  they stayed in formation about 20 mins the disappeared.
2/5/15 20:10	Perris	CA	Other	10 minutes	2 vertical lines of red lights seen and were moving right to left like tilting right to left	2/6/15	2 vertical lines of red lights seen and were moving right to left like tilting right to leftweird lights in Perris.  I walked out of the house and looked to the left to see what looked like two sets of 5 lights, the top light on each side would go off and on same time and the whole thing moved left and right.  I know the top of that hill I have been up there.  There are no homes there for about a mile or so.  If you could imagine a string going vertical 15 feet up with 5 red lights on it and then another string same as the first with the same 5 red lights on it about 5 feet apart is how I can kinda describe it.here is the youtube video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkQgn2r92OQ&feature=youtu.be
2/5/15 20:00	Martinsburg	WV	Sphere	3 seconds	A glowing blue sphere streaking diagonally toward earth in the east.	2/12/15	A glowing blue sphere streaking diagonally toward earth in the east.
2/5/15 19:30	Loveland	CO	Light	5 minutes	Bright lights multiplying	2/12/15	Bright lights multiplyingThere were 3 bright lights not moving out east of town.  We started driving towards them. The first one stayed in bright and in place while the others dimmed and moved towards the south then stopped.  Then a fourth bright light appeared next to the first one.  It dimmed and moved away towards the south and stopped near the other two.  We stopped the car and just watched.  Out of no where a fifth bright light appeared next to the first one and again it dimmed and moved to the south towards the others.  Then the first bright light died dimmed out and they all disappeared.
2/5/15 19:30	Buckeye	AZ	Formation	10 minutes	Was driving to take my boyfriend home and once we got into his neighborhood, I happened to look up in the sky(over I-10 behind the pets	2/6/15	Was driving to take my boyfriend home and once we got into his neighborhood, I happened to look up in the sky (over I-10 behind the petsmart on Watson) and saw 5 pretty big orbs in a row.  I had everyone in the car look too and we were all in awe for about 5 minutes.  We dropped my bf off, which only took a minute, went back to where we could see them and they were gone.
2/5/15 19:17	Lock Haven	PA	Light	5 minutes	Moving light over central PA seen quickly ascending into upper atmosphere.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible satellite?  PD))	2/6/15	Moving light over central PA seen quickly ascending into upper atmosphere.Central Pennsylvania.  It was approximately 7:17 PM.  It was dark outside.  I saw a plain, white dot, much larger than a star or planet, moving through the sky.  It was too close to be a satellite, and it was not a plane as it did not have blinking lights.  I was outside my apartment talking to my mom when I saw it.  I watched it some.  Then I noticed a slight curve in its flightpath.  Its speed did not change during this.  What makes this striking though is its exit.  I was looking at it one second, looked down at my mom, looked up and thought it was gone as the bright light was nowhere in sight.  Then I saw the light getting smaller in a line at a sharp angle from where the light was last seen.  I realized this was the light ascending into the upper atmosphere.  It did this in a much greater speed then it was traveling previously.  Its ascension happened almost directly above me.  Nothing else occurred after.  My mom did not see it as she did not want to ge! t out of her car and into the cold.This is not the first time I have seen such a light.  About 10 miles away from this location, I have seen this kind of  light a couple of times.  Each time, it just moves though the sky, sometimes changing its speed and/or flightpath.  I have never before seen it rapidly ascend into the atmosphere though.  Seeing the light do that today is what prompted me to submit this report.((NUFORC Note:  Possible satellite?  PD))((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/5/15 14:33	Encino	CA	Changing	18 minutes	Shape-shifting rotating white object slowly traveling and hovering across the sky for almost 20 minutes!	2/6/15	Shape-shifting rotating white object slowly traveling and hovering across the sky for almost 20 minutes!What appeared to be a white triangular craft rotating and had appeared in the same location I had seen on one other occasion.  Though previously the craft did not travel across the sky, and was just hovering for a few mins and then vanished within secs.This sighting lasted about 20 mins, slowly making its way from the Eastern sky crossing diagonally to the Western sky.I was able to photograph a series of images, on a standard DSLR camera w/ 18-55MM lens so it was hard to catch the details of the craft.After the sighting, and upon inspection of the images, it's clear that the object was shape-shifting from "Triangle" to "V" to "Ball of light".During the course of the migration across the sky there were airplanes, helicopters, birds flying in the shot, but I could not tell how high up the object was. It did pass through the clouds which were all wispy angel-like formations and surprisingly not many chemtrails today!  Also I observed what appeared to be a plasma field surrounding the object that looked like waves of energy that were actually affecting the clouds as it passed through.Video footage captures its movement, then holding position in the sky, changing direction and then continuing on the path from the East to West.The object made its way into the distance and visibility was lost.
2/5/15 13:45	Santa Ana	CA	Diamond	45 minutes	Glimmering object moved slowly in one direction, while second glimmering reddish object moved in other direction.	2/6/15	Glimmering object moved slowly in one direction, while second glimmering reddish object moved in other direction.I was walking outside of my building at work this afternoon and I heard some birds making noises overhead.  I looked up to see what they were and when I did, I saw this small, shiny object in the sky that caught my attention.  I stopped to watch it.  It was similar to what a bright star would look like at night, only this was during the day time.  It was about 1:45 PM, and it was sunny and clear, no clouds.I sat down at a picnic table and watched this “star” looking object.  After a few seconds, it started to glimmer so I figured it must be something metallic.  Since I had no idea what it was and what the size of it was, it was hard for me to judge the altitude of this object.  But if I had to guess, I would say it was between 5 -8,000 feet high.  I started thinking to myself what it could be.  It wasn’t a star because it was moving but it wasn’t moving fast enough to be a satellite.  It was glimmering when the sun would catch it.  It would go from a dull white color to a bright silver color at random intervals.  At one point when it was nearest to my location (it moved away slowly over time) the sun caught it and this silver object appeared to have a silver appendage below it that was shaped like a stubby pencil.  This appendage was also metallic as the sun lit it up and it was pointed straight down from the object.  At this point I started to think it was a weather balloon.  But then I was thinking that most weather balloons are non-metallic and the payload is usually wrapped in Styrofoam or some material that would cushion the instruments during a fall.  The wind was blowing in its normal direction, from the southwest to the northeast which is the typical wind direction for our area.  This object, however, was moving from east to west and eventually headed towards the north.  It was moving very slow.  (In total, I watched the object for at least 45 minutes and it moved only what would be about 10-12 degrees from east to west.)  After about 15 minutes of watching this object, the security guard for our business came along and we started watching it together.  Then a few of our employees came outside to see what we were looking at and they saw it too.After a few minutes, one of the other employees said, “Oh look, there is a second object now…it’s above the other one.”  So I looked up about 5-7 degrees above the initial object and I saw a second object that was very similar.  This second object was also glimmering in the sunlight, except this one had an obvious reddish color to it.  The second object was moving away from the first object in a completely different direction, in a northwest to southeast direction in almost a perfect arc.  It was glimmering pretty regularly almost like it was tumbling and the sun was catching it.  I started to think that maybe this was a satellite but after about 2 minutes, it slowed down.  It had been moving laterally at a pretty good speed and now it was almost stationary.  Like the first object, this second object would also glimmer in the sunlight occasionally with its reddish hue.I stayed there looking at both objects for a few more minutes and I ultimately said to our security guard that I had to get back inside and go back to work.  About three minutes later, the security guard called me to tell me that he could now see what looked like a “tail” on the initial object.  What he described to me sounded like the “appendage” that I had seen earlier.   I had taken a video of the initial object with my phone.  When I got back to my desk, I looked at the video.  Of course the video is blurry and the object has no edge definition since the camera was trying to focus on infinity.  As I write this narrative, the security guard is still outside watching the objects.
2/5/15 09:30	Hotchkiss	CO	Circle	5 minutes	It was there at the time of the picture and then gone by the time I looked up.	2/6/15	It was there at the time of the picture and then gone by the time I looked up.Took 2 pictures of the mountains and looked at the picture a few minutes later and saw a strange dark grey circular object I'm the picture.  The first picture is was lower and then the second one was higher up.  Looked  back up at the sky and it was gone.((NUFORC Note:  We suspect a bird in flight.  PD))
2/5/15 07:17	Parma	OH	Triangle		Out of Orion's Belt, v-shape moving fast broke into about 30 lights no sound moved towards the International Space Station at the sa	2/6/15	Out of Orion's belt Belt vshape moving fast broke into about 30 lights no sound moved towards the International Space Station at the same time.((NUFORC Note:  The ISS passed close to the Orion Constellation, at the time indicated in the report.  PD))
2/5/15 06:43	Farmington	UT	Circle	10 seconds	Black orb moving across a bright patch of sky in the early morning.	2/6/15	Black orb moving across a bright patch of sky in the early morning.I was getting ready for the day, when I looked outside and saw a patch of sky on the western horizon that was bright as day, but the sun was still behind the mountains so it was dark everywhere else. Then I saw a black, perfectly round orb, about the size of a dime from my perspective move across the sky.  It was only visible for about 10 seconds.
2/5/15 05:15	Dupo	IL	Other	5 minutes	I saw a craft in the sky lots of lights and shaped like a space craft.	2/6/15	I saw a craft in the sky lots of lights and shaped like a space craft.I took my dogs out @ 5:15 am 2/05/2015.  I saw a huge bright light in the sky, just hovering in the direction of Columbia, Illinois.  After about 3 or 4 minutes it came towards me.As I looked up at it when it flew over me going west it was shaped like the Columbia space shuttle the bottom was all white lights and there were green and blue lights on the back end of the craft.I could hear the roar of the engine, as it was loud like the space shuttles would be.  It was flying low enough that I could make out the shape and see all the lights on the bottom of the craft.I wish I had taken my camera outside I will tomorrow.
2/5/15 00:40	Santa Barbara	CA	Light	5 minutes	A red-orange, star-shaped, mobile object shining in the sky.	2/20/15	A red-orange, star-shaped, mobile object shining in the sky.Midnight-ish of February 5th, in UCSB (University of California Santa Barbara), my friend and I were looking out to the ocean (southward), when we spotted a star-shaped, red-orange object in the sky.  It looked as if it was slowly swaying inconsistently left to right, and perhaps drifting closer to us.  A bit concerned (perhaps "frightened") we ran inland to where it eventually vanished.The object was alone and, to our knowledge, was not preceded nor succeeded (we checked for succession) by any other objects of its kind.  It emitted five (natural) rays of light (not "beams" or searchlights) that almost shaped in a star, with one ray shining upward and the other four fanning downward.A plane flew by shortly after.  We considered it may have been the aircraft emitting the light, but immediately decided against it as it flew in from the opposite part of the sky, and was in no way close to illuminating as bright as the red-orange glow.
2/5/15 00:00	Detroit	MI	Disk	30 minutes	5 objects changing colors then turning into giant glowing orange orbs.	2/12/15	5 objects changing colors then turning into giant glowing orange orbs.The objects had small multi color lights, also with one center light that was white then would get bright and orange as the sun when lit up looked like mini sun in the night sky incredibly bright they moved in patterns.  Also moving at speeds impossible of anything known we could fly
2/4/15 21:00	Winter Garden	FL	Flash	5 second	There were like a flash light blue and red it went very fast and then gone.	2/6/15	There were like a flash light blue and red it went very fast and then gone.((NUFORC Note:  We have amended the time above, to reflect a nighttime sighting.  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous, and provides no contact information.  PD))
2/4/15 21:00	Las Vegas	NV	Fireball	5-10 seconds	Bright orange/yellow streaking ball of light	2/12/15	Bright orange/yellow streaking ball of light.  Looked at first like a shooting star but in-between a cloud.  It started on top of the cloud and then disappeared at the end of the cloud.  3 mins later a fast moving jet headed in the same direction.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/4/15 20:30	Las Vegas	NV	Light	5-10 seconds	Bright ball of light that spun in a clockwise direction then shot up into the clouds and was gone.	2/6/15	Bright ball of light that spun in a clockwise direction then shot up into the clouds and was gone.Ball of bright light, spun in a clockwise direction then shot up into the clouds and disappeared.  It was nighttime, no stars, no sounds such as loud booming from fireworks.  A very fast but clear occurence.
2/4/15 19:00	Tucson	AZ	Other	15 minutes	STATIONARY OBJECT SHOOTS OUT TWO SMALL OBJECTS WITH FLASH, AS IF HITTING TARGETS.	2/6/15	STATIONARY OBJECT SHOOTS OUT TWO SMALL OBJECTS WITH FLASH, AS IF HITTING TARGETS.WHILE LOOKING AT FLOCK OF BIRDS I NOTICED AN OBJECT (LIGHTS?) JUST ABOVE OR WITHIN THE OUTLINE OF A SADDLE IN THE TUCSON MOUNTAINS.  ALL RED AND WHITE LIGHTS WITH NO GREENS OR FLASHING LIGHT, AND NO SOUNDS.A SMALLER OBJECT SEEMED TO GO NEXT TO OR IN FRONT OF LARGER LIGHT.  THEN A SMALL OBJECT STREAKED AWAY UP AND TO THE RIGHT THEN ENDED WITH A BRIGHT FLASH.  THIS WAS REPEATED TWICE AGAIN, SAME DIRECTION, TRAILS AND ENDING WITH FLASH.  SEVERAL LOCAL FLIGHTS OF LIGHT AIRCRAFT FLEW IN THE DIRECTION BUT THEN TURNED BACK DURING THIS TIME.MY WIFE CAME OUT TO LOOK BUT ONLY SAW THE LARGER LIGHT AND NOT THE SMALLER ONES.THE BARRY GOLDWATER FIREING RANGE IS IN THIS DIRECTION...BUT TWO MOUNTAIN RANGES SEPERATE THEM FROM MY HOME BY 60 + MILES....LIVE FIRE?  MAYBE AND I HAVE SEEN TWO OTHER UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT IN THE LAST 3 WEEKS...I WONDER IF THERE IS A NEW HELICOPTER BEING TESTED...?  ATMOSPHERE ACTING AS LIGHT BENDER?   I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT WAS BUT IT WAS FANTASTIC TO SEE!
2/4/15 18:35	Englewood	FL	Light	30 seconds	One round ball of fire - gliding through the sky at Manasota Key, FL	2/6/15	one round ball of fire - gliding through the sky at Manasota Key, FLAt approx. 6:35pm, Wed, Feb 4, I was walking the dog at the beach on Manasota Key.  (about 1/8 mile north of the Charlotte County line in Sarasota County).  I looked toward the south and saw a bright orange ball of “fire.”  The color looked as if an airplane was on fire, gliding slowly in the sky from south to north.  It took a slight turn to the east and descended slightly, then turned back to the west and kept it’s slow, gliding motion to the north.  As it traveled north up the beach the orange fireball got smaller, until, eventually, it went dark.When I first noticed the ball, it was about the size of a quarter (if the quarter were right in front of my eyes) and stayed that size for about 20 seconds.  The last 10 seconds it gradually became smaller, but the brightness stayed the same, until it was the size of the tip of a sharp pencil, and then went dark.It was very eery.  No sound whatsoever.I am a 60 year old female - retired business owner - well traveled.
2/4/15 17:30	Chennai (India)		Circle	10-20 seconds	04/02/15 around 5:30 to 6:00 pm i was talking to my friend through phone call on top of my apartment suddenly i saw a red colour light	2/6/15	04/02/15 around 5:30 to 6:00 pm, i was talking to my friend through phone call on top of my apartment suddenly i saw a red colour light moving on the sky and i told to my friend she thought i was joking but i know what i saw.  After some time again a another red light flash on the sky and went off slowly.....((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/4/15 17:30	Reno	NV	Disk	1 minute	Green saucer sighted over Reno, Nevada.  ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the object is a lens flare.  PD))	2/6/15	Green saucer sighted over Reno, Nevada.A green saucer was sighted over the Reno Convention Center.  It was moving extremely fast.  A photo was being taken of the moon and the saucer entered the frame and then left.((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the object is a lens flare.  PD))
2/4/15 17:00	McMinnville	TN	Light	10 minutes	Red light viewed in sky in Bledsoe County State Forest on the Cumberland Plateau in Tennessee.	2/6/15	Red light viewed in sky in Bledsoe County State Forest on the Cumberland Plateau in Tennessee.Watched red light that was not flashing in sky NE of my home.  Light set still approximately for 3 to 4 minutes.  A small airplane with flashing light flew behind it in an easterly direction.  Then the solid red light slowly moved in an easterly direction very slowly for approximately 2 minutes.  Then the red light went slowly straight upwards for approximately 1 minute.  Then the red light moved slowly back in a westerly direction for approximately 2 minutes.  Then the light blinked 1 time & went out in the sky just like you had turned a light switch off.  When I say moved slowly no airplane could move the slow.  It was like a crawl.  It was not a helicopter cause the light would have been flashing just like on an airplane.  Slate blue sky background.
2/4/15 11:39	Gilbert	AZ		seconds	Saw what look like meteor come down bright left a big streak and come trail then other fast come trails around the mane one..it was clo	2/6/15	Saw what look like meteor come down bright left a big streak and come trail then other fast come trails around the mane one..it was cloudy first then after that it clear up.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/4/15 00:00	West Babylon	NY	Unknown	2 minutes	I heard a sound and woke up to see a creature in a blue outfit in my house.	2/6/15	I heard a sound and woke up to see a creature in a blue outfit in my house.Ok i was asleep in my apt in bed and i awoke to a strange whoosing sound. So i turned to my right and looked to see where it came from and i was in shock and very terrified to see a humanoid about 5'3" wearing a very blue spacesuit or something that covered its body except its neck and head.  It wore black boots up to its knee and it had the ugliest face and no neck.  Looked like its skin was melted or something.  Kinda green complextion and had a very sad look in its face which i found very odd like it was depressed or something.  Its eyes were black and beady.  It never moved just stood there in the bathroom doorway staring at me. I didnt know what to do.  If this thing was agressive or what so i yelled out of fear and tried to jump out of bed to get away but i couldnt move a muscle and passed out. I awoke about five hours later.  My left shoulder hurt bad.  And i found a lump on my right shoulder blade that wasnt there ever. I never had this experience befor! e and dont know why it happened to me.  But three days prior to this insident i remember seeing very clearly out my bathroom window a luminous base ball like object silently float past the window as i was cleaning the tile.  It was ghostly and its light left a trail behind it.  I thought that was very strange and thought nothing else about it then.  But now i wonder could it be how this alien spaceman found me in the first place?  I'm now concerned that it may come back and i hope not to ever see that ugly face again.  I havent slept since it happened im to afaid at this time.  Btw my cats were near me and looked at the being but paid it no mind.  I found that strange as well.  Usually they run and hide when folks they don't know come by.
2/3/15 23:38	Virginia Beach	VA	Other	20 minutes	Light in the Eastern sky rotating and changing colors.  When we uploaded the pictures, it became clear of what we witnessed!	2/12/15	Light in the Eastern sky rotating and changing colors.  When we uploaded the pictures, it became clear of what we witnessed!My husband was outside with our dog and he came in to get me and said he seen an unusual light in the Eastern sky.  I grabbed the camera and went out to confirm what he and I were now witnessing~  We both witnessed an object that was rotating and changing colors.  It would move close and then further away.  There was no sound and we could not see the shape, only a light.By this time I was taking pictures, as well as a short video.  We watched the object for about 20 minutes and then went in because it was very cold and my camera was cold.  The object was still there when we went inside.I uploaded the pictures to the computer and we could not believe what we saw!  The main craft was hard to see, more of a hazy mass, but within this mass, we could see very clearly 4 spheres/balls within the object.  There may have been more.  Only by enlarging the pictures could we see any kind of shape.  We of course, have the memory card as proof.My husband and I have been watching the skies for many years and we make it a point to go out on clear nights to look at celestial events as well as for UFOs.  For the last few years I have been president of the UFO Club Of Virginia.We are sending the best of the pictures to you.
2/3/15 22:18	Goodyear	AZ	Rectangle	5 minutes	Orange lights over Estrella Mountain in Goodyear, AZ.	2/6/15	Orange lights over Estrella Mountain in Goodyear, AzDriving home from school on Bullard and saw these rectangular orange lights in the sky near Estrella Mountain, as I got closer to a stop light near my home on Bullard and Estrella Parkway, the lights merged towards the center, became one and disappeared.  I was able to get two pictures with my iPhone 5s.
2/3/15 21:25	Buckeye	AZ		10 minutes	8 white lights in a row south of Buckeye, Arizona.	2/6/15	8 white lights in a row south of Buckeye, Arizona.Saw approximately 8 white lights in a row south of Buckeye, Arizona, approximately 21:25.   Within the five minutes it took to drive through our trailer park, the lights disappeared even though they seemed to be headed in the direction we drove to.  I climbed a ladder on the back of our trailer to see over other units and saw nothing but the lights of homes surrounding the area. IMG_4756.jpg
2/3/15 21:16	Goodyear	AZ		4 minutes	New sighting of Phoenix Lights.  February 3, 2015.	2/6/15	New sighting of Phoenix Lights. February 3, 2015.This sighting took place on February 3, 2015, at 9:16pm in Goodyear, Arizona.  We were turning right onto Estrella Blvd to head north, but saw something in the rearview mirror in the sky.  We immediately did a u-turn and saw what appeared to be a ufo. We began driving south on Estrella Blvd, towards the ufo.  It was moving south over the Estrella mountains.There were approximately 8 to 10 yellow-orange lights in a row moving together.  It was definitely moving and was very large in comparison to the mountains.  The lights kept moving south until they went over the mountain at an angle and we watched as there were less and less lights, until just one light was visible and then it was completely gone over the mountain.The entire sighting lasted 3-4 minutes.  We were able to get a few photos and a video as we were driving.  The link to the uploaded video is below and I will also try to email it along with the few photos. http://youtu.be/xQaf9rDuRTo
2/3/15 21:00	Wendell	NC	Sphere	10 minutes	Went outside to smoke, looked up and saw 5 flashing lights in a straight line, stationary for around 5 min. Went back inside to tell my	2/6/15	Went outside to smoke, looked up and saw 5 flashing lights in a straight line, stationary for around 5 min. Went back inside to tell my parents to look at it, came back out and it was gone, came back out and it was back.  Stayed again for another 3-4 min.  And was gone again.  Then came back with a horizontal light beam like a spot light that was a long beam of light.
2/3/15 21:00	San Jose	CA	Teardrop	15 seconds	Bright blur light dropped about 400' straight down.  Then shot off into distance out of sight.  It was a large blue light & bright.	2/6/15	Bright blur light dropped about 400 ft straight down.  Then shot off into distance out of sight.  It was a large blue light and pretty bright.((NUFORC Note:  We have corrected the date above.  PD))
2/3/15 21:00	Chesterfield Matoaca	VA	Rectangle	1 minute	Very Long, 100-150 yds long. Looked like a crane arm. Green and red lights on each end hovering vertically at 65-70 mph Silently, 50 fe	2/12/15	Very Long, 100-150 yds long.  Looked like a crane arm.  Green and red lights on each end hovering vertically at 65-70 mph Silently,  50 feet over tree tops over lake chesdin, heading north-west.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/3/15 20:15	Peoria	AZ	Triangle	5 minutes	I was smoking a cigarette in my back yard looking in the sky when i see a triangular shaped craft hovering in the sky emiting 8 lights	2/6/15	I was smoking a ciggarette in my back yard looking in the sky when i see a triangular shaped craft hovering in the sky emiting 8 lightsThe object was triangular in shape and emitted 8 bright orange/red lights that flickered like a fire at a distance.  The craft hovered for about 5 minutes making no noise and maintaining a perfect altitude.  It was not a conventional air craft and was not flairs being dropped.  I was in my back yard looking out towards Luke air force base and I am positive it was no aircraft of ours.  The lights were spherical in nature and were brighter then the construction lights at the near by gravel mine.  I'm very concerned about this.  All of the dogs and coyotes were going crazy.  I also filmed the craft.
2/3/15 20:00	Burnside	KY	Other		Gold lines with red and white lights in between lines in center leaned like a ladder.	2/6/15	Gold lines with red and white lights in between lines in center leaned like a ladder.Object found on photos taken 2/3/15. Looked like two gold lines coming out of sky at a lean like a ladder.  There was lights in between the gold lines of red and white in color.  Will email photo to email listed.
2/3/15 18:00	Costa Mesa	CA	Light	45 seconds	Small star moved slowly the faded away.	2/6/15	Small star moved slowly the faded away.I was talking on the phone, looking up in the sky at the Orion grou, and on the lower left, I thought at first it was the lower left star.  It started slowly moving and then slowly faded away and was gone.  It lasted about 45 seconds.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/3/15 17:30	Cedar Rapids	IA	Light	5 minutes	Strange, lighted object in Cedar Rapids	2/6/15	Strange lighted object in Cedar RapidsSaw a light coming up over the trees and houses on Mt. Vernon rd.  Thought it was a helicopter at first then it started moving irradically and changing colors.  Red, blue, green, then a really bright silvery white.  Thought it could be a remote toy bigger than that thought and then started flying further away.  It was 14 degrees outside so I don't see how anyone would be playing with something.  I stopped at Hy Vee and took video of it.  I couldn't capture the size or the colors with my phone.
2/3/15 16:30	Nashville	TN	Unknown	5-10 minutes	Metallic shapes circling overhead, then flying off to the northeast.	2/6/15	Metallic shapes circling overhead, then flying off to the northeast.While I was in my backyard, I noticed a leaking gutter.  When I looked up, I noticed a small metallic shape in the sky.  I, at first, thought it was a high flying plane, but then I saw it was traveling in a very tight clockwise circle.  Then I realized there was another flying in a counterclockwise circle next to it.  The flight paths never intersected but passed extremely close to one another.  I could not make out the exact shape of them because they were so high.  They did seem to be metallic.  Also, there were no flapping movements like birds.  If they were birds they would naturally fly with each other not in opposing circles.  After I observed this for about 5-10 minutes, one of them flew off to the north-east.  Soon afterwards the second one followed.
2/3/15 09:30	Anderson	CA	Light	~2 seconds	One orb of light shooting away from the smoke, another orb of light behind smoke, and one beam of light coming from top of the smoke.	2/6/15	One orb of light shooting away from the smoke, another orb of light behind smoke, and one beam of light coming from top of the smoke.The 3 of us were at Walmart, and right next to Walmart is some sort of factory that always has white smoke coming from these giant pipes.  I wanted to take a picture of the smoke in the sky, and so I did.  But when I went back to review, in the picture it looked like some sort of orb of light was shooting out and away from the white smoke.  There was another orb of light inside or behind the smoke, it looked as if it was not moving.  There was also a beam of light coming from the top of the smoke.((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the stripe of light that appears to be radiating from the top of a column of steam is a lens flare, caused by the camera's being pointed at the Sun, but we cannot be certain.  PD))
2/3/15 09:25	Waddell	AZ	Light	5 minutes	Horizontal line of lights in the west valley sky that went out one by one.	2/6/15	Horizontal line of lights in the west valley sky that went out one by one.Line of lights horizontal up over Buckeye.  Went out and they were there, them one by one they went out.  Not f-16's or military…
2/3/15 07:00	Inwood	WV	Triangle	35 minutes	Big, black triangle flying object!	2/6/15	Big, black triangle flying object!Was a very large slow and fast moving triangle shaped aircraft it seemed to hover alil.  It kept flying in a huge circle!  It had a VERY light hum to it!  It had 3 lights on its bottom on a triangle shape it was a solid black in color!  It also had one blinking red light on the top on back!  There was a row of square shaped BRIGHT white lights across the hole edge of the front of the air raft!!  I have 4 videos of this UFO!!! ((e-address deleted)).
2/3/15 06:45	Atlanta	GA	Triangle		Not a joke.......not losing it either......got a question? For God's sake please tell me what in the world this is and where I should c	2/6/15	Not a joke.......not losing it either......got a question?  For God's sake please tell me what in the world this is and where I should call to report it?  My family saw something strange in the sky Tuesday am approx. 6:45am, while in the car, and took pictures of it.  We could not identify the flying object which was too close for comfort.  We kept trying to blow it up from all angles on the cell phone tonight and zoomed down towards the ground on the cell and this is what shows up.  The neighborhood trash was scattered in the street.We have several pictures of the thing and when you zoom in to the head you can see the eyes.  Later that day 2 army trucks were riding through the neighborhood which was strange but we did not pay much attention to it.  I called the non-emergency police number and the young lady told me to call back tomorrow to see if I could get appropriate numbers to call.  What do you think?  Please let me know.  I emailed it to 2 news stations here and was referred to you to file a sighting.You could see it better and blow it up from all angles on the cell phone where the pictures were actually taken from.  We e-mailed the pictures to my personal email and I saved it as a PowerPoint and zoomed in on it.  I had to brighten the contrast on it in PowerPoint because it was dark outside.(I will try to email you the pictures....I want you to see them.)((NUFORC Note:  We have not seen the photo, at the time of this writing.  PD))
2/3/15 01:00	Johannesburg (South Africa)		Diamond	3 hours	Captured via camera, bright yellow glowing orb.	2/12/15	Captured via camera, bright yellow glowing orbEarly hours of Tuesday Morning 03/02/2015, two of us went out to an open piece of ground to take photos of the most spectacular electrical storm happening some distance away (We could not hear the rumble of the thunder from where we were).We were out from about 12.30am to approx 2.30 am and finally packed up cameras due the cold.We had not noticed anything unusual at the time.  No lights, no sound, no glowing disc.Once the photos had been downloaded and we were going through them looking for good lightening shots within the storm, I noticed on several of the photos, a brightly (yellow) glowing orb.Dismissing the first few as potential lens flare, I began skimming through the photos.I noticed the yellow disc had moved position in the photographs, although I had not moved camera position.I took a few of the photos, and inverted the colour, and the shape of the object became far more clear this way.Who do I contact to study the photos and assess what it is we have captured in the photos?
2/2/15 23:40	Milford	UT	Light	10	Three lights spread out randomly in the sky appeared for about a second. They seemed to be 200+ miles away but were large. They popped	2/6/15	Three lights spread out randomly in the sky appeared for about a second.  They seemed to be 200+ miles away but were large.  They popped up out of nowhere and faded out within a second.  The first three did this at the same time in the same places.  Then I saw random lights just like the others but only appeared one at a time.  They were in the same place in the sky but just south of the first three.  Just before I saw what looked like a little piece moon just setting over the mountains.  It was a orange hue.  But It faded after a few seconds confusing me.  Then realizing a few seconds later there was a full moon straight up in the sky so it could not be that.  I came back around in my car to see if I could recreate the light.  Nothing.  About 20 seconds after I saw that first light above the mountains is when I started seeing those weird lights.  I tried to record it but it only lasted about 5-10 seconds and my phones camera can't even record video of the moon at night.  It was the most unexplainable thing I have ever seen in my life.
2/2/15 23:35	Boscawen	NH	Circle	5 seconds	Yellow/orange ball of fire falling into the trees.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible meteor??  PD))	2/6/15	Yellow/orange ball of fire falling into the trees.I saw a yellow-orange ball of fire shoot down into the tree line...I assume it was a meteorite...it was far larger than any shooting star I have ever seen!((NUFORC Note:  Possible meteor??  PD))
2/2/15 21:15	Woodstock	GA	Light	8 minutes	Low flying red-orange lights.	2/6/15	Low flying red-orange lights.The night was crystal clear with not a cloud in the sky.  It was the night before a full moon, so the reflected light off the moon illuminated the yard, etc., giving it a twilight feel.  At approximately 9:15 PM, I observed two large, red-orange sparkling lights, very slowly approaching our home from above the tree line.  (We have woods behind our home, but without the leaves on them it is possible to see for quite a distance into them.) My husband and I immediately went outside into our backyard.  We observed a third red-orange light approaching behind the first two.  They were large, completely silent, and moving very slowly.  No visible structures were visible, just light.  Within a few minutes, a fourth red-orange light approached following in the same path as the first three.  They continued to very slowly progress over the tree line and off into the distance.  Also, our dog, still inside, barked relentlessly at the lights.
2/2/15 20:00	Melbourne	FL	Circle	5 minutes	Two round orange balls seen over the ocean near Melbourne, Florida	2/6/15	Two round orange balls seen over the ocean near Melbourne, FloridaI noticed 2 orange balls floating over the ocean off the coast of Melbourne, Florida.  One of the orbs disappeared about a minute before the second one disappeared.
2/2/15 18:45	Jackson Heights (NYC, Queens)	NY	Light	30 second	2 green lights hovering then moved quickly across the sky before dropping and vanishing.	2/6/15	2 green lights hovering then moved quickly across the sky before dropping and vanishing.
2/2/15 18:30	Columbia	SC	Teardrop	2 hours	Bright flashing orange-red object hovering lake Murray South Carolina. Up down back forth and zigzag movements.	2/6/15	Bright flashing orange-red object hovering Lake Murray, South Carolina.  Up down back forth and zigzag movements.
2/2/15 12:05	Solromar	CA	Other	11-12 minutes	Observed an object that, at first, appeared to be an instrumentation balloon. Vertical configuration of a mass "suspended" be	2/6/15	Observed an object that, at first, appeared to be an instrumentation balloon.  Vertical configuration of a mass "suspended" below.Observed an object that, at first, appeared to be an instrumentation balloon.  Vertical configuration of a mass "suspended" below three bright, what appeared to be rotating, or flashing alternating primary colors, R-G-B in random duration and speed.  These were not aircraft strobe lights.  Too bright at that range and not a discharge flash.  From my position on PCH highway, I first noticed it at a bearing of about 15 degrees and a few seconds of observation revealed it to be apparently drifting to north-northwest laterally at approximately 8500 to 9000 feet altitude.  Observed craft for 11 to 12 minutes until it "drifted" to a bearing of about 385 degrees, flashing colors alternately, randomly, with no obvious apparent relation between the three active parts of the craft.  Observed Southwest Airlines SFO to SDiego flight at cruise altitude clearly behind this craft as it passed behind the craft in my field of view.  At about 12:15 it changed direction of motion to the northest and picked up speed linearly and went behind Boney Mountain out of view.  No sound other than the low rumble of Southwest Airlines.  I estimate the speed to have been about 200 knots and increasing when it went out of view.35 year Aeronautical Engineer, Flight Test Engineer/Pilot. 10X25 binoculars.  Clear, sunny, cool.
2/2/15 02:00	Albuquerque	NM	Triangle	9 hours	I noticed it about 9 pm and thought at first it was a plane but then 2 more showed up and formed a triangle there were several more of	2/6/15	I noticed it about 9 pm and thought at first it was a plane but then 2 more showed up and formed a triangle there were several more of these thru out the city till dawn then they all just dispersed not slowly or drifting off just gone
2/2/15 00:40	Fairview	ID	Cylinder	7 minutes	A larger UFO that was around 5 cylinders together and around 200 feet wide and long, and smaller UFO that was just one cylinder.	2/12/15	A larger UFU that was around 5 cylinders together and around 200 feet wide and long, and smaller UFO that was just one cylinder.I took around 20 pictures however only 2 pictures showed the ships.  I/we only saw the large ship, it was only after looking at the pictures that I/we noticed the smaller cylinder shaped ship.  I was with my boyfriend and on the phone with my Mother asking her if we could follow the UFO and she said we could if we stayed on the phone with her.  We both saw lights about 200 feet above the ground near some farmland to the West of Hwy 91 near Fairview, Idaho.  These lights rose up making a diamond shape and went to the mountains to the East of Hwy 91 around 20 miles away.  We followed the ship south on Hwy 91 from Preston, Idaho, to Lewiston, Utah.  It seemed 200 feet long and wide, and at first it looked like just lights that were diamond shaped with white lights radiating and pulsating.  However in the picture the lights are green and it’s not a diamond shape, it is several cylinder shaped vessels put together as one ship.  It disappeared right before our eyes.  We only saw the smaller single cylinder shaped ship after, when we looked at the picture that shows it.
2/2/15 00:35	Escanaba	MI	Light	3 minutes	I first noticed the lights in the house flashing.  Then a light outside (north) was flashing over the house next door.  It flashed for	2/6/15	I first noticed the lights in the house flashing.  Then a light outside (north) was flashing over the house next door.  It flashed for three seconds and stopped.  The light flashed red, yellow, and green.  We get emergency vehicles by the house, so I know if the lights are theirs, but this affected the lights in the house.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides little contact information.  PD))
2/1/15 21:00	Encinitas Carlsbad	CA	Triangle	4-7 minutes	Multi-color triangle with tail over ocean in Carlsbad or Encinitas off-shore.	2/6/15	Multi-color triangle with tail over ocean in Carlsbad or Encinitas off-shore.Triangular craft with tail flashing and changing multi color lights- Purple, red, orange, yellow, green.  Stationary except for tail.  Over ocean
2/1/15 21:00	San Jose	CA	Fireball	30 minutes	We saw red flaming objects in the night sky over San Jose and they appeared to be traveling West to East.	2/12/15	We saw red flaming objects in the night sky over San Jose and they appeared to be traveling West to East.On Sunday night, my husband called me outside to see something in the sky.  When I got out there I saw 2 red objects heading into the Eastern sky.  As we were talking and facing South, several more appeared to the West and went up and over our house to the East and disappeared.  I ran inside to get my camera and the binoculars.  It was hard to tell if they were in any organized pattern.  Two of them went East and it seemed one almost caught up with the other, they moved around a bit, and then disappeared.  It was also hard to tell the shape even looking through the binoculars.  One of my pictures shows a perfectly round orb and yet they also seemed to be on fire.  As one would disappear, we'd look right (West) and others would show up.  My husband saw several more than I did.  What was odd is that they seemed close and far at the same time.
2/1/15 20:30	San Jose	CA	Sphere	30 minutes	10 Red-Fiery Lights with Red flame-like-flares coming from the sides flew over San Jose, California 95111	2/6/15	10 Red-Fiery Lights with Red flame-like-flares coming from the sides flew over San Jose, California 95111The moon was bright and it was a cloudless night.  I was in my hot tub just looking at the stars and there appeared a round red fiery light with red flame-like flares coming from the sides of the UFO.  It was traveling in a straight line from the West going East.  It was the most spectacular thing I have ever seen in the sky.  As I watched it travel across the sky, I was wishing I had my camera.To my great surprise, right before the UFO disappeared, another UFO came into view following the same path as the first one.  It was exactly the same, flying the same speed and everything.  I yelled louder and louder for my wife to come outside.  She came outside half dressed to see what I was yelling about.  She saw the UFO and was greatly amazed also. She went back into the house and got her camera and started taking shots of the UFO’s.  I went into the house also and got my camera so I could try and get some shots.  I was able to shoot about 50 shots but only some came out.  I do have some interesting shots even if they are not great.  My wife took about 10 shots and some of hers came out good also.It was very amazing because the UFO’s kept on coming out of the West.  As soon as one got about three-quarter of the way across the sky another one would show up.  There were a total of 9 or 10 UFO’s that flew over my house.  At one point it appeared that one of the UFO’s stopped and the other one that was following started catching up.  One of the craft appeared to be higher in the sky as they got closer to each other.  The closes they got together was about the distance of two moons apart, then they move on and disappeared.  At one time I could see three UFO’s all in a row traveling the same path then one would wink out and the the next one would disappear and so on.  It seems some of the craft had different spacing that others.  They were not all the same distance apart as they traveled across the sky.This happened between 8:30 PM and 9:00 PM on Sunday February 1, 2015, above San Jose, California 95111 USA.  In general the UFO’s were a round shape.  The craft was round and the red fiery like flames were toward the front on both sides and also toward the rear on both sides.  The UFO’s came out of the West (Pacific Ocean), they were traveling almost due East (East Coast)  The first 5 or 6 UFO’s all had a “halo” of red-flame-like-flares coming from the front sides of and the rear sides of the round body of the craft.  All craft followed the same course West to East and also about the same path (a straight line across the sky)  There were no commercial planes in the sky that I could see during this time  The moon was very bright it seemed I almost needed sunglasses  The red glow of the craft got brighter as they came from the West and when they were three-quarters of the way across the sky they were the brightest.When they passed the three-quarters mark they started losing their glow and soon winked out and were gone.It seem they all disappeared in about the same part of the sky My photos were taken with a Nikon D800 with AF-S Nikkor 23-120 mm 1:4 G ED lens about 50 photos  My wife’s photos were taken with a Nikon Coolpix P510 Nikkor 42X Wide Optical Zoom ED V 4.3 - 180mm 1:3-5.9 lens  The craft had different distances between them  As I looked to the South the crafts were traveling West to East below Orion’s Belt and below the moon’s position in the sky I will submit Photos as soon as I figure out how (on February 4th, 2015)
2/1/15 20:00	Stormville	NY	Triangle	5 minutes	Dagger-like triangle with red lights all along the dagger shape moving slowly, hovering briefly then rising into cloud no sound.	2/6/15	Dagger-like triangle with red lights all along the dagger shape moving slowly, hovering briefly then rising into cloud no sound.I was outside of my house looking at the sky to see how the weather was looking when I saw a dart like triangle with red lights slowly heading east over my house.  The craft was moving very slowly and hovered once making no sound at all.  It rose into the cloud cover and disappeared.
2/1/15 19:40	Tempe	AZ	Triangle	2 minutes	I live in Tempe, AZ, a city in the Phoenix metroplex area.  As you are probably aware, the Super Bowl was hosted here in Pho	2/6/15	Hello.  I live in Tempe, Arizona, a city in the Phoenix metroplex area.  As you are probably aware, the Super Bowl was hosted here in Phoenix (Glendale, specifically) yesterday evening. It was during this time that this sighting occurred at approximately 7:40 PM Arizona time.I had returned from Tucson earlier that evening with my fiancé and was cleaning up our house.  The game was on the television, but I was not watching it, as I’m not a huge sports fan.  At approximately 7:40 PM, I went outside to the backyard to take some trash out.  On my way over to the trash can, I looked up at the moon which, at the time, was in the upper eastern part of the sky.  It was at this moment that I saw a curious-looking craft heading north some degrees above of the moon.This stood out to me immediately because this craft was not following the flight path which nearly every plane follows on its approach into nearby Sky Harbor Intl. Airport.  Planes flying into Sky Harbor at night typically fly in from east-to-west as our runways run in this orientation.  If a plane does fly over this airspace, its altitude is typically very high as to not disturb the lower traffic.  This craft’s altitude appeared to be relatively low, around 10,000 feet or so and no more than a mile away from me to the East, making it very unusual from the start.As I observed this craft going north-bound, I tried to logically make out what it was. I was looking at it from below.  It had one unblinking white, slightly yellow light on the bottom of it, generally in the middle of the craft.  This light appeared to illuminate other parts of the craft, which had a reddish-orangish tint to it.  I could see what appeared to be actual structure rather than a series of lights.As I stared at this object, transfixed, I tried to logically see it as a plane, thinking that the illuminated areas were perhaps the tail section and/or wings of a Southwest jet, which are commonly painted with orangish colors.  However, this object didn’t fit the description of a jet.  There were no navigation lights, it made no sound, and the shape that I could make out seemed to be triangular in shape.  The illuminated areas seemed to perhaps be the points of this triangle.  The object was slightly smaller than the moon that night, however it didn’t cover as much surface area in the sky as the moon did because of its triangular-looking shape (triangles covering less surface area than circles do).Once I ruled it out as an aircraft, I thought that perhaps I was viewing a large satellite and that the illuminated areas were solar panels.  Many images that I have seen of satellites show their solar panels to be of a rusty orangish color, similar to what I was seeing.  This, too, just did not fit.  At this moment, I noticed that the object was beginning to turn.  It made a smooth 90 degree turn in a sharp arc going from north to west in seconds. It was at this point that I noticed how fast this thing was going and how fast it had made the turn.  A normal jet would have needed much more distance to make such a sharp turn.  I remember thinking that a typical commercial jet would probably have fallen apart turning at such a speed.As it was turning, my view of it changed.  Before turning, I was looking up at it, seeing it from the bottom with one light.  Now, as it was turning (and more north of me at that point) I was seeing it from the side.  It was at this view that I could see two lights (both still unblinking and the same white-yellowish color).  I am not sure if this was actually an additional light on the craft, or if it was part of the same light I saw on the bottom.  Perhaps because of the new view point, I was seeing the bottom and top of the light, split horizontally by the craft itself.  I am not sure. But as soon as it leveled off, I could only see the one light again from the bottom.It was at this moment that I heard the thunderous sound of jet engines behind me from the South.  As soon as I looked above, two military jets zoomed right overhead, heading northwest from the South.  I could tell they were military jets because they were not on the Sky Harbor flight path, they had a distinctly different sound than the commercial jets, and were flying low for that area (approx. 10,000 feet).  They too were turning towards the West in pursuit of the object, but made a much wider turn than the object had.  They each had a sole very bright white blinking strobe light that I remember thinking looked kind of ominous in a way.  They did not appear to have the red and green navigation lights that I see on countless jets flying into Sky Harbor.At first I thought that this could be an escort of some sort, but it was clear that these jets were trying to catch up and pursue this object.  I have seen strange things in the sky before, but seeing jets literally chasing this thing made me realize that I wasn’t “seeing things.”  I was amazed and somewhat frantic and called out to my mother who lives with my fiancé and I (my fiancé had just left the house and was not home to see this).  She ran out and saw the object with the jets in trail as they all zoomed westward, coincidentally heading directly towards the Glendale Stadium where the Super Bowl was being played at the time.  To my estimate, it seemed that the object and the jets had to have flown right over Sky Harbor, which astonished both my mom and I.  At this time we heard what may have been the jet's afterburners because the jet noise became significantly louder once they were flying in a straight line again after they had turned.Although my mother did see the object, she only saw it as a light being chased by the jets.  She did not see any structure or detail like I had seen when it had flown past less than 30 seconds before.  We watched the jets and the object till they were out of view, and it appeared that they had turned slightly south before again continuing west.Some further information:  I am a graphic designer, 28 years old, and have lived in Phoenix (specifically Tempe) for five years.  Both of my parents are licensed pilots, and I practically grew up at the municipal airport in the town where I grew up.  I have spent hundreds of hours flying with my dad in his planes (both single and twin engines) throughout my life.  Although I am no expert, I feel that I am somewhat knowledgable in identifying things in the sky and feel confident that this craft was something truly unusual.I will also add that military aircraft (helicopters and jets) have been flying around the Phoenix area for the past week because of the heightened security surrounding the Super Bowl.  These military aircraft were discussed on the news before the Super Bowl so that all of us citizens would be aware of their presence and purpose in case we saw them flying around that week.  The news media stated there would be two Blackhawk helicopters and two jets patrolling airspace during the Super Bowl.Over the week, everyone in town, including myself, saw and became familiar with the helicopters and jets as they did their rounds.  However, I believe that the jets that I saw were not necessarily related to these aircrafts flying around for security reasons.  Very shortly after the sighting, I actually saw the two patrol jets in formation flying nearby from north to south in the vicinity of Sky Harbor.  These jets had dim, yet visible, red and green navigation lights, along with their white strobes.  The jets that I saw chasing the objects were not the two patrol jets because they were far out to the West at the time when I saw the patrol jets. I got the feeling that the jets I saw pursuing the object may have been scrambled from Luke Air Force Base or other nearby military base.Thank you so much for your time in reading my long report about this event. I wanted to be thorough and cover as much information as I could.  I will be emailing a map with the path of the object and jets based on my observation. I will also try to put an illustration together.  I really do appreciate that there is a place where this kind of thing can be reported.  Thank you for you work!((ADDENDUM #1 FROM WITNESS))This is ((name deleted)) whom you spoke with yesterday afternoon.  My apologies for directly sending this to your email address.Thank you for taking the time to call yesterday.  I wanted to send you a map graphic that I put together.  In this graphic, I have illustrated the approx. paths of the object, the jets, and have also noted the Sky Harbor flight paths.  All of this has been superimposed onto a map of the area to give you context.  I hope it provides some useful information.((END ADDENDUM #1))((BEGIN ADDENDUM #2 FROM WITNESS))My name is ((name deleted)) and I submitted a report last night detailing a strange craft I saw on Sunday night (February 1st, 2015) that was being pursued by two military jets.I am attaching a pdf file of a map graphic that I created to show the paths of the object and jets as well.  The paths are superimposed on a map of the area to give context.  I hope it provides useful information and further insight to my report.Please feel free to contact me if you need further information.  Thank you so much!((END ADDENDUM #2))((BEGIN ADDENDUM #3 FROM WITNESS))I am attaching hand drawn sketches that I made, along with computer drawn sketches made in Adobe Illustrator.  Not the most beautiful sketches ever, but generally convey what I saw.  Please let me know if you have any issues with the files.I have contacted local media and received a response from Fox.  I provided them with the sketches, map graphic, and description.  I will keep your center updated on any further developments if interested.((END ADDENDUM #3))
2/1/15 18:45	West Valley City	UT	Fireball	5 minutes	4-5 reddish lights came up from ground level to the southeast and continued north at a speed of appx. 170 knots.	2/6/15	4-5 reddish lights came up from ground level to the southeast and continued north at a speed of appx. 170 knots.Saw 4-5 reddish lights to the southeast go up from ground level and continue on to the north/northwest while increasing in altitude.  There was a 'flickering' pattern to the lights, almost like one would expect with a Chinese Lantern.  This flickering effect caused some color change between red, yellow and bluish hues.  At first I simply thought these were lanterns, but after thinking about out a while I realized there are some real problems that would likely rule out lanterns.  The most significant problem is that the distance they covered in a relatively short amount of time would indicate that they were traveling at a rate of speed comparable to that of an aircraft at landing speed.  The surface level winds are indeed out of the south at the moment which would explain trajectory but not the speed.  Current surface winds are only at 4mph.The lights traveled in north/northwesterly direction for about 3-5 minutes, eventually ending up due east of my location.  All 4-5 lights eventually dimmed and then disappeared completely as they gained altitude.
2/1/15 18:25	Frisco	TX	Light	3:00	Large and unusual light observed in the evening sky just southwest of Frisco, Texas...	2/6/15	Large and unusual light observed in the evening sky just southwest of Frisco, Texas...I was headed south on Preston Road, about 2 and a half miles north of Frisco, Texas when I observed a bright light in the sky, southwest of Frisco, Texas, with a cloud as a backdrop.  The light was white gold in color, and looked to be at two levels, top and bottom.  It was dusk, but the Sun was still low on the horizon, and thought at first the light might be a reflection of the Sun on an aircraft approaching DFW Airport, which is relatively nearby.I became convinced that the light was not an aircraft or helicopter.  It seemed much too big, like a sudden star in the sky.  Besides, living where I do on the north side of the Metroplex, I see airplanes and helicopters flying overhead all of the time.  I know them by sight, but what I saw this evening didn't resemble a plane or copter at all.The light stayed in one place, backed by the cloud, for almost two minutes, then rose above the cloud, in a straight line and much faster than a plane or copter could, for about five seconds.  The light then completely disappeared, in the blink of an eye.  The Sun was still visible, so if what I saw was some kind of reflection off of the sun, it would NOT have disappeared as it did.I looked in all directions from the light, for several minutes, but I did not see the light any further after it disappeared.
2/1/15 18:00	Oklahoma City	OK	Disk	1 hour	Driving on interstate 40 through OKC when me and my wife noticed 2 huge clear lookig crafts in the sky... Then 2 more joined.. There wh	2/6/15	Driving on interstate 40 through OKC when me and my wife noticed 2 huge clear looking crafts in the sky...  Then 2 more joined..  There where 3 smaller ones and one huge one...  It was so big but so high in the sky it had to have been the size of 5 plans put together..  We followed these crafts for probably 50 miles on I40 west..  Not once even getting close to them but other small blue lights where also chasing them..  As the sun set we lost sight of them.
2/1/15 17:00	Marana	AZ	Other	10 minutes	Super Bowl Jets chased Object South to near Tucson city limits. Circiling at HIGH SPEEDS.	2/6/15	Super Bowl Jets chased Object South to near Tucson city limits. Circiling at HIGH SPEEDS.The night of the super bowl the wife and I heard Jets that were flying at FULL MILITARY.  I went out doors and saw them, with afterburners on, flying south towards Tucson.  Just over, the jets crossed and returned North.  A few seconds later they all went South and out of site beyond Tucson.  I stated to wife They Must be chasing something,,,, I saw nothing of what they were after because the next door's security lights came on and obscured any detail.I am making this report after reading the report from Mesa that same night.  I am in support of the "Chase," but cannot say I saw any UFO.  I do know jets do not fly like THAT " full military"over civilian areas without good cause.  There is a gunnery range about 60 miles West of Tucson.There have been odd things in the Southern Arizona Skies for several weeks.  I have reported several but it's my first reports.
2/1/15 11:05	West Covina	CA	Oval	30-40 minutes	((HOAX??))  2 orbs flying close to my house.	2/6/15	2 orbs flying close to my house.Was outside about to do some quick work on my house, felt some pressure in my ears that was not "normal" looked up, there were 2 orbs.  One was the "leader" the other followed behind it.  The leader was brighter than the other I say orb but the shapes were changing to oval in a rotating motion.  I called my witnesses out,  One has seen them with me before, the other 2 were amazed.  The duration of the event lasted about 30-40 minutes they were  heading north east toward the mountains.  Up until the leader stopped and it looked as if it was waiting for the other one to catch up.  Then that one stopped. They were motionless but still shining bright then dull, bright then dull, since I have seen this pattern before in previous sightings I knew it would not be long till they were gone by completely going "dark".  Just as they were about to get to that point of going dark, they both started moving in a southern direction then BAM both lights out, cannot see them anymore.  And just as if on cue also in the air were the planes spraying the trails tracking them and spraying the trails so they would eventually be covered.  Amazing to watch.  This is the 4th or 5th daytime sighting for me.  And now with the 2 other witnesses, I was able to describe what was about to happen with the planes' actions and sure enough like predictable clockwork they did exactly what I said they would do.  To the point when after the orbs were gone a white plane flew real close above my house, that was not the strange part, what was strange was the plane had NO SOUND at all, at this point I was discussing the event with my neighbor, and I noticed there was hardly any jet engine sound at all.  I thought it was cool and so be it..... It's the powers that be doing their job which I fully support.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/1/15 10:26	Bali (Indonesia)		Light	4 minutes	Bright orange light.	2/6/15	Bright orange light, twice the size of the north star, going slowly north, then vanishes. Reappears several seconds later to the East, moves quickly upwards, downwards, left, then right.  Disappears again as it slowly moved upwards.((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous; provides no contact information.  PD))
2/1/15 08:00	Fountain Hills	AZ	Light	Unk	Orb over Fountain Lake.  ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the small green orb is a lens flare.  PD))	2/6/15	Orb over Fountain Lake.I took a picture of the sun raising over Fountain Lake with my iPhone 6.  When I posted the picture To Facebook, I noticed the blue/greenish orb to the south of the sun.  I am not aware of any tall features in that area of the park that would reflect the sun, so thought I'd send it to you.((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the small green orb is a lens flare.  PD))
2/1/15 00:30	Plantation	FL	Circle	5 minutes	Saw red floating orbs floating over my house in Lauderdale.	2/6/15	Saw red floating orbs floating over my house in Lauderdale.I was sitting on the back porch when I saw a red light floating across the sky.  I didn't think anything of it at first because my house is right next to the airport.  However, as it got closer I realized it was not an aircraft from the airport.  It was flying relatively low, and it was completely silent.  It floated over the house and then disappeared.  Two more floating in the same path came by within five minutes.  I saw three total. I wasn't able to completely focus on it as it flew over.  It appeared to be a red glowing orb that twinkled.
2/1/15 00:30	Plantation	FL	Circle	5 minutes	Saw red floating orbs floating over my house in Lauderdale.	2/6/15	Saw red floating orbs floating over my house in Lauderdale.I was sitting on the back porch, when I saw a red light floating across the sky.  I didn't think anything of it at first because my house is right next to the airport.  However, as it got closer I realized it was not an aircraft from the airport.  It was flying relatively low, and it was completely silent.  It floated over the house and then disappeared.  Two more floating in the same path came by within five minutes.  I saw three total.  I wasn't able to completely focus on it as it flew over.  It appeared to be a red glowing orb that twinkled.
